move in an irregular course
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.
We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy, said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
a type of military aircraft
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
A man is pouring oil into a skillet
A boy is standing in the water
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
There is no man tying a shoe
A dog shakes his head.
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
A plant structure near the top of the plant.
A man is climbing a rope
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
There is no puppy rolling
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
There is no man walking outside
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
A dog plays on the beach.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
A bird sits in a tree.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
cause friction; wear away or erode
A model is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
A man in a big city is holding a sign and begging for money
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are investigating
No dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
The riders are fencing in a boy's metal bike
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
ask for and get free; be a parasite.
There is no hamster singing
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
A woman is singing into a microphone
There is no group of people standing together and looking at the camera
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the backyard
A boy is jumping off the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A black climber is rocking a dog
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
Travel (as if) through water.
separate or cause to separate abruptly.
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
A young boy jumping into a lake.
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
gear or develop something to a particular purpose
A woman is wakeboarding on a lake
The little dog is dropping the bedroom slipper from its mouth
Mud is being thrown to the playing boy
ATVs are being driven by three people
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
a dog runs across the path.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on a slide
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
Someone is playing a piano
Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.
cause to be alert or energetic
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen
A dog racing on a track.
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.
Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
The man is driving a car
Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man
A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
an intuitive understanding of something.
communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs
cause to come to the ground.
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
The woman is cleaning a shrimp
Make (undue) claims of owning.
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the beach
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photo
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
A man in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
The lady is measuring the ankle of another woman
A brown dog is running breathlessly across the yard with a toy in its mouth
The man is silent and still
The man is painting
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in the sand
the legal state of owing money
A boy is eating a cupcake
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
Nobody is rinsing a steak with water
Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag
A woman is looking curiously at a man
act of verbally informing
A guy on a white horse.
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
mark with a scar.
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument
There is no man sprinkling cheese on the pizza
Three children are running up a grassy hillside
A girl wading through water in a lake.
A man is riding a kayak through water.
Two people in two chairs are talking
A group of people is standing on both sides of a red stone structure
The black player is making the white player a play near the end of a purple field
cover with a primer base
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles
A girl is playing a guitar
Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.
give structure to
The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.
process or result of becoming less or smaller.
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.
There is no woman standing near three children
clean, wash thoroughly
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
There is the real potential for a secondary collapse, Gov. James McGreevey said.
a white dog is running through the snow.
The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the side
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
A plane is taking off
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
Fly in or on a glider plane
The surfer is riding a big wave
Two brown dogs barking at each other.
I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
A man in a batman suit running.
The little cat is playing with a toy
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
A woman is firing a rifle
The act of searching for or buying goods or services.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
having responsibility for managing or supervising
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
A musician is playing a keyboard
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees
consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.
make shine
The content of a bowl is being mixed by a man
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
A young girl is dancing
Two children are crouching under some metal bars
A young boy is diving into a still lake
A man is rinsing a large steak
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across the water
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
A man is not dancing
A man walks two dogs in the city.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
A woman is rowing a boat
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
A tiger is walking around a cage
A brown dog is running through a snowy path
come back after being refused.
A man is being curiously looked at by a woman
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.
A great dog is climbing a steep hill
get or gather together.
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
Two dogs playing together in the snow.
A tan puppy being held and petted.
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
visual representation sketched by hand
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
Nobody is slicing a tomato
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
an objective or goal
A plane in the sky.
an agent's act of terminating an activity or event
An old woman is shaking hands with a man
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
The black dog is running on the grass.
The onion is being cut by the man
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
Five kids are standing close together and none of the kids has a gun
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
A baby is splashing inside a blue paddling pool
part; cease or break association with.
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
A man is riding a horse in the desert
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.
The man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
People at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars
Men are running a race
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
A person is not holding a skunk
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing.
The woman is removing cheese from the sauce
A woman is boiling shrimps
They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said.
There is no young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud
Two men are playing ping pong
An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
A ball is being chased by a dog on the grass
We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
A man is spanking a boy with a plastic sword
A man is dancing on the floor
Some boys being dressed with a carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos 
There is no Asian woman holding a fur scarf
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the field
A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
The man with a hard hat is dancing
(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
The black bird is sitting in a leafless tree
The young boy is climbing the wall made of rock
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
disregard, fail to attend to
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
cause to move by pulling.
No motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
A lion is pacing tiredly in a pen
give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to
A person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
A black dog is running in the grass
do better in a competition; win
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
People is standing against a wall
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A man is drawing some figures
A man on a motorcycle is going around a corner
A man is moving gracefully
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
Some cheerleaders are taking a break
contrast with equal weight or force.
A gray dog runs along the green grass.
A woman is riding her bicycle.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
A woman is sitting in the water.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
The deer is jumping over the fence
A light brown dog is running up a street
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
A guy is cheerfully playing with a footbag
There is no person slicing a potato
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
Someone is adding ingredients to a pot
The lady is dicing onions
A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
The badger isn't burrowing a hole
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
The guitar is being played by the man
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless
The boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
A man and a woman are running together and holding hands
We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision, Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
There is no kitten drinking milk
The cyclist isn't performing a trick in the air
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
physically grapple with an opponent
A woman is not chopping garlic
A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.
A girl is playing a wind instrument
a social system of production, distribution and consumption
make undue claims to having.
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along a river
Potatoes are being sliced by a man
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
The men are not talking
either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.
coat, cover, or treat the surface of
the act of winding or twisting.
The large brown dog is not running outside in the dirt
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
the act of  damaging something, causing breakage
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
A train traveling down the tracks.
A man with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
the disadvantage that results from losing something.
The lady is cracking an egg into a dish
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
confine in or as if in a prison
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
Someone is scratching the belly of an animal
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
A dog running on the grass.
A man is walking a woman through the woods
A man is thinking
A man is singing to a girl
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf
A man is sharpening a weapon
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
A woman is not cutting broccoli
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
A man is naked and standing still
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
A man is climbing a rock wall.
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
A man is stopping in the middle of a road
A large, gray ball is hitting a running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth
Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
A man is slicing an onion
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
leave isolated with little hope of rescue
There is no boy playing guitar
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube.
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
It is about a third of what I owe in the world, he told reporters.
an open motorboat used for transport
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
stamp or emboss with a block
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A few men are watching cricket
A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
A dog runs through the grass.
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.
register formally as a participant
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
a brown dog plays with the hose.
a person who conveys (carries or transmits).
A man walking two dogs down a street.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience
The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park.
be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as
a state or act of gaining pleasure
There is no woman using a sewing machine
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
something additional of the same kind.
There is no boy looking at a calendar
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
a man plays his white guitar.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
make less severe or strict.
The lady is carefully slicing up the meat
Nobody is feeding an animal
They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney.
A man is squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a dirty road
Someone is not reading the email
notable or famous persons (real or fictional)
A group of boys is not playing soccer on the beach
Train in a station.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
A person is riding a motorcycle
A person is wrapping up an onion
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
A bride with a black veil is looking down
A woman is playing flute
The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
handle effectively.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
spend time in prison or in a labor camp.
Two men are battling
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
a unit cost of something
feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
scoop up, as if with a ladle
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
Two people are not riding motorbikes
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
A man is speaking
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
assimilate into the mind or a situation
A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
The man is abruptly knocked off of a horse
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
Boat sails in rough water.
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
A white dog running on sand.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
A close-up of a horse.
The woman is seasoning the oil
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
The meat is being dropped into a pan
have a great affection, liking, or desire for
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.
A dog is losing a ball on the grass
coerce by violence, fill with terror
form a carpet-like cover (over).
The white dog is running in the shallow water.
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
The dog is having a rest in the living room
A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
an attempt to get something.
The person is flying through the air on the bicycle
The bride and the groom are leaving after the marriage
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
regulate or set the time of (a clock)
the act of designating or identifying something.
Red double decker bus with hood open.
The man is putting away the guitar in the guitar case
One woman is peeling a potato
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
make out of components (in an improvising manner)
A man is cutting a boot with a sword
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
A man is performing a trick on a bike
increase in extent or intensity.
the act of leading or guiding others
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
Some kids play in a field.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
make unfit or unsuitable.
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
Give a performative affectation to (something).
The monkey is not brushing a bull dog
Three young women standing in a room together.
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.
A bride with a white veil is looking down
Some dogs are playing in a river
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
(construction) a layer of masonry.
a dog runs across the grass.
Two men are hugging
A surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
A bubble blew, dyeing the girl's shirt red.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
Fish is being fried by a woman
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.
A dog jumps on a lawn.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it's tongue hanging out.
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
The little kid is playing football and falling into the grass
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.
continue to live through hardship or adversity.
A woman is playing the violin
The guitar is being played by nobody
give, dedicate, pledge
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net
A woman is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
A dog is jumping on a trampoline
A boy is spanking a man with a toy weapon
A black dog is running across a field.
A man is slowly trekking in the woods
mean or intend to express or convey.
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
A piano is being played by a man
A man is slicing onions
The cyclist is performing a trick in the air
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
The person is practicing the guitar
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
the relation of comprising something.
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
legally approve or ratify a person for a position
initiation, founding, introduction of something
A subway train pulling into the station.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
A lemur is licking a person's finger
A dog is running on the road
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
A person near an onion has a cut
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
A small bird on a tiny branch.
Two pandas are lying together
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine
A group of young women stand together.
get rid of as if by submerging.
A rider is waving at a surfer
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
Two boys are laying in the ocean far to the beach
speed up the progress of; facilitate.
The man is sitting next to a birdcage
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
There is no white race car driving through a puddle
The woman is walking the dog
Two cows cross a paved street.
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
a single chance or instance.
get or find back; recover
A bunch of people is on the shore
A woman is picking up and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
a supplementary part or accessory.
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
A dog runs on brown grass.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
The blue train is at the station.
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
A woman is not frying meat
The man is pouring oil on a few tomatoes
A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
A group of men play a college football game.
A dog is looking at something near the water.
A man is abruptly falling off a horse on a track laid in the wild
put under the control and authority of a federal government.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
The chef is seasoning the oil
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
an instance of halting some motion
make more common, uniform or general
break up a solid, usually into a solution
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.
A man is pouring oil into a pan
A person is pouring olive oil into the stove from a pot
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
A bicycle is being ridden by a man
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
work as a tinker or tinkerer.
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
A man on a bike in mid-air
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
A woman is putting on makeup
an indication of something, evidence
hold or carry in equilibrium.
The cat is eating some corn
There is no person singing and playing the guitar
A girl is messing up her hair
make less hostile; win over.
a major branch of a tree
carry out or perform an action.
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
A person is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
have flavor; taste of something.
A funny crowd of people is doing a skit of two boxing men
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
One girl in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other girl in black shorts is jumping off into the water
A monkey is wading through a marsh
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
A shirtless man is playing football on a field
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
A bicycle is being ridden by the little boy in a race
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
write as if with print, not in cursive
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud, prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
The man is not riding a mechanical bull
A woman is cutting garlic
Two boys are doing martial arts on a green mat
Some children are playing on a statue
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
A person is slicing some onions
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
A person is cooking some food
The person is slicing a vegetable
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
A young, topless woman is covered in paint
The boy is enthusiastically playing in the mud
A woman is showing a small cat to an infant
Butter is being chopped into a container by a man
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event
The child is splashing water in a pool
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
make reference to.
A monkey is wading through a river
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to the left
area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body
A white train pulling into a station.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
a way of conceiving something.
There is no surfer leaning on a surfboard
A black and a white dog are joyfully running on the grass
There is no monkey riding a bike
extend in a different direction.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
A person is folding a sheet
A person is dancing
Child milking a cow outside.
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
There is no person boiling noodles
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers.
A man is walking in the rain
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
A man and a woman are standing on the curb
Two people are arguing near a crowd
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
A swan is flying through a body of water.
A person is sitting on a mountain top
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
There is no lady cutting up some meat
A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog
A man is passionately playing the guitar
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Eggs are being strongly whisked in a bowl by a person
the root or base form of a word
make coincide in time or operation
The brown dog is playing in the snow.
two cold people stand near a pole.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.
A black dog in the snow is jumping onto the ground and missing a stick
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
A banana is being peeled by a person
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
Three friends are making faces for the camera
recording tracks of music made on some medium
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window
Three people preparing to canoe.
A group of people is near the sea
A person is playing a trumpet
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands
An animal is looking around
Two people are fist fighting in a ring
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
a thrusting weapon, as a sword
Four athletes are with a man in a crowded stadium
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand
A little boy is topless and is serious
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are lying in the snow
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
want, desire or perfer to do something
A brown and white dog is biting a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him.
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is quickly running 
a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
the introductory portion of a story
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
A man is walking down a road
a rank or position relative to others
have a wish or desire to know something.
A man on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
abrupt state of disbelief about something
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
A man in a red uniform is racing and making a jump over a bike in the dirt
Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.
compel to behave in a certain way.
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
The man is lowering barbells
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.
A deer is standing inside a fence
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
A man in a white hat is playing guitar on stage
The small dog protects its owner.
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
a pointed instrument for writing, stylus
A man is doing exercise
Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue mat
A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
something that serves to indicate or suggest.
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
A dog is running with a ball
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
The cat is licking milk from a saucer
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
A dog with a blanket dyed in blue is running through the grass
The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
A man is cutting a fish
medium of exchange minted by a government
cause to lean to the side.
A girl in a band is playing an instrument
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
Three teenage girls are dancing in the room
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
Large green boat floating on water.l.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm.
Four dogs run in the grass.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
The group of Asian girls are standing together
The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
There is no dog running with a volleyball
There is no man playing the piano with his nose
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
show consideration for; take into account.
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
A jet is not flying
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.
Make marks in the surface of.
move by turning over or rotating.
It's a huge black eye, said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
The dogs are running in the snow.
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
A white puppy is biting a pole
subsist on a meager allowance.
any affliction that causes great suffering.
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses
Three men are not staring at the big green hills in the distance
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.
A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a street
The milk is being drunk by a cat
The brown dog is playing outdoors
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end.
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
an established or recognized right.
A man on a bike nest to a river.
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
Some oil is being poured on the tomatoes by the man
A child with a gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys
A man is mowing a lawn
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
A man is removing a carrot from a machine
A man in a black hat is reaching for a box
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near a stack of blocks on table
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
react to in a certain way.
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.
A man is fixing a silencer to a gun
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
smother, surpress or lessen something
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
A man is playing the keyboard with his nose
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
The black and white dog is running and a person stands behind it
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
Two blokes are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.
travel in front of; go in advance of others.
A horse is being ridden by a woman
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
A married couple is walking down the aisle
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it's hind legs.
Two dogs on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
A man dressed in black is riding a bike
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
be given to, come into the possession of
A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads
A topless girl is covered in paint
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
A young lady in a bikini is standing on the beach
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitar player
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
A dog rolls on the ground.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.
A brown dog running over grass.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
A woman is painting a man's face
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.
A blond child is holding a yellow bottle
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
Some children are jumping off a trampoline
A man is singing passionately
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something
Two dogs running along dirt path.
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open.
Two people are walking through some water.
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results, Buell said.
A white cat stands on the floor.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the water
A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
A brown dog is standing in a lake
There is no woman in a yellow shirt surfing on a pink surfboard
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	I was in the water for about eight seconds.
strike sharply, as in some sports.
the occupants of a floor.
A young child is watering a plant with splashes
Some kittens are eating
A boy in his teens isn't talking to a girl with a webcam
This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said.
Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.
Four black dogs run across the grass.
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers
Two persons are shaking hands
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
One man is dancing
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
A woman is riding on an elephant
The man is lifting weights
A boy is knocking a dog with a bottle of water
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses
Man rowing a boat.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
the act of hiring something or someone.
make new.
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
A man is doing physical activity
Nobody is cutting a capsicum into pieces
move back and forth or sideways.
We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death.
The boy isn't playing in the mud
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
an exclusive, privileged group of people
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
The south African plane is not flying in a blue sky
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
There is no cold cyclist celebrating
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
A squirrel is lying down
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Dogs in a race.
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
A woman is chopping garlic
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
dysfunction or ailment of the heart
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
The rhino is not grazing on the grass
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
A few men are dancing
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
accounting period of 12 months
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
perform a duty
One man in a big city is holding up a sign and begging for money
the act of substituting one thing for another
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
The lady is slicing up the meat
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks
There is no man standing near the water and holding fishing poles
Two boys on a couch are playing games on the TV
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
examine minutely; search diligently
the act of apportioning or distributing something.
A dog, which is small, is running out of the green grass
measure the time or duration of
Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech
A man is standing still
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
There is no man driving a car
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
take something or someone away from somewhere
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees, U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to the snowboarders
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
The state of being absent.
A brown dog swimming in murky water.
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on the dog
A man is standing on a sidewalk
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
The kittens are eating the food on the trays
indistinct articulation.
There is no girl riding a horse
The bike rider is not looking at the accident of another bike rider
Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.
A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
A girl sits on a red play structure
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpeted floor
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
Two blond girls are playing together.
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A man is getting into an automobile
A surfer is riding a wave.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
enter uninvited.
A dog catching a Frisbee.
Two men are playing table football
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
The man is not cutting a paper plate
Room with several computer monitors.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
wear away or erode.
The group of people is sitting on a rocky ledge and a scenic view is behind them
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
A sports team poses on the field.
Three dogs running in a field of grass.
Two dogs running in the dirt.
The turtle is following the red fish
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
Guitar is being played by a man
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
Red and white bus driving down road.
Two cats on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
A toy train is violently striking a toy car
Two dogs are running in the field.
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
A fearful little boy is on a climbing wall
the state of being actual or real.
Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
Give an incentive or reason for action.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.
A woman resting her face on her hand.
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
A person who plays soccer is kicking a ball into the goal
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something
Two dogs play with purple football.
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).
A multi-colored train on a track.
A child runs through the grass.
The man is carefully feeding a mouse to the snake
A man is riding a motorcycle through the town
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is resting in the yard
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
show to be invalid.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
to become aware of through the senses.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
Two dogs run on the beach.
Touch with the lips.
A man is jumping onto a wall which is low
A man is strumming a guitar
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
A cook is slicing some bell peppers
formally announce the termination of an agreement
A young blonde child holding an airplane.
A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between buildings behind
Two crocodiles are floating in a green colored swimming pool near some playing kids
alternative names for the body of a human being.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
The turtle is following the fish
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
Skewers are being placed onto a rack by a woman
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other kids are playing in the background
manipulate in a fraudulent manner.
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
I´m very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
A hockey player during a game.
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike dangerously along a roadway
A person is cutting some ginger
A man is coming down a rope
Two dogs are battling for a frisbee in a lake
Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
A boy is checking a calendar
throw with force or recklessness.
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.
A woman is showing a dog with very long hair at a dog show
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A woman is cutting shrimps
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.
A little girl is hitting a baseball off a tee
intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
put a harness.
Two children are on a fairground ride.
Two dogs are running quickly through a park
A sea turtle is hunting for food
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
A man on a green bike is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
a boy falls off his red bike.
Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
A dog is emerging from a lake
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper
Two dogs play together in the yard.
The man is not cutting the tape on the box
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth
Make reference to something.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
behave in a certain way.
shoot down, of birds.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.
A little boy in blue shorts, glasses, and a coat stands in the surf.
One woman is slowly peeling a potato
A woman is playing volley ball.
The act of providing approval and support.
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet shore at the edge of the water at the beach
The players is maneuvering for the ball
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
We were seconds away from having that happen, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
A woman is putting away the garlic
The south African plane is flying in a blue sky
the state of being employed
A little boy is in a tire
A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
A black man and his dog on the beach.
The woman is slicing a tomato
The chef is carefully pouring oil in the pan
The lady isn't slicing up the meat
Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
write as if with print; not cursive.
A dog is catching a ball in mid air
Assign a new time for an event
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
A classroom is empty
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
people go up the escalator.
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.
Two dogs play in a sandy field.
forbid, prohibit
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
Brown dog splashing into the water.
There are no kids jumping on a trampoline
Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran
Two cats are lying together
We think they have the right to choose.
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is biting a bucket
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
The man is erasing the other man's work from the panel
A girl in pink is twirling a ribbon
A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.
An elderly woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
Remove water from a substance.
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
a pair of people who live together.
take someone's soul into heaven
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
Two girls next to a mossy tree.
The children of a family are patiently playing and waiting
The man on stage isn't singing into the microphone
There is no man opening a box with a knife
Two children and an adult are not standing next to a tree limb
A young girl in a bikini is sitting on the beach
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
Three children are running up hill
Two men are not taking a break from construction
Two children are rolling in dirty water
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym
The lady is taking an egg out of a bowl
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
A rider is surfing the wave
A small dog is lying on the bed
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
A woman is pouring eggs into a pan
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge.
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
any likeness of a person, in any medium.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren
A man with no hat is standing outside of a green jeep
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
Several old people are posing for a photo and holding beers
jolt of electrical current to the body
The women are divinely dancing outside
The parrot is silent in front of the microphone
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.
A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
The woman is eating
A close-up view of a horse's head.
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
The girl is on a swing.
A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another one
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.
refrain from harming.
provide or equip with furniture.
domesticated animals kept for use or profit
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
the act of taking of a person by force.
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
capture, ensnare, discover in the act
A side view of a horse's head.
return to an original state.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Man standing in front of silver train.
allow to have.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
The cop is not sitting on a police bike
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
A boy is running away from the fishing line
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
take action or behave in a certain way
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
A grey silky dog is lying in the grass and a brown dog is looking on
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
a group of dogs playing
A boy is spanking a woman with a plastic sword
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.
A dog in a car.
The person is quickly slicing a vegetable
prefer or wish to do something.
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
Two men are taking a break from construction
The person is eating
A person is spreading butter on a tray
the condition of being motivated.
a local announcement made within a public broadcast
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
A greyish dog running in the snow.
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
A man is throwing away a guitar
to hunt snipe
A tiger is walking around aimlessly
bring to a certain pressure
A woman is eating a piece of meat
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
A guy is cheerfully playing with the footbag
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
fall out of the pod or husk.
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
A girls is jumping in the sand.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
regard something as probable or likely.
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.
Four young men are exploding and a car is standing still behind them
A person is folding a piece of paper
People are walking through a crowded street
two woman sit on a park bench.
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
The Dalmation is running through the woods.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
lay with rails.
A bus drives down a busy road.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym
The man is eating a banana by a tree
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
rehearse, learn by repetition
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
A boy is studying a calendar
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
A girl is wearing sunglasses
South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
The little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
Three men posing in a tent.
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a puddle full of mud
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
The player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
remove the husks from.
A crowd of people is near the water
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.
Two children jump on a trampoline.
A dog is playing on the green grass
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
announce the termination of, as of treaties.
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
A brown dog running after a a red ball.
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg
energy in the form of molecular motion
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the brush
be the host of or for.
People sitting on a couch laugh.
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
someone who cleans soot from chimneys.
Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
The kitten is not playing with a toy
A kid is playing with a toy dog
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car
Two young children are eating corndogs
Black train idle on the tracks.
A rope is being climbed by a man
A few people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
Engrave by means of dots.
A lion is slowly moving around
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
An opponent is tackling a soccer player
the act of entering a structure
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer, it said.
an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
cause to be interested or curious.
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
The two boys play in the field.
bring to a certain spiritual state.
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
A white man is staging a hat and a playing guitar
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
the act of retaining something.
A child is indoors watching a program about some young climbers on a rock wall.
A dog running through a creek.
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on a half pipe
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
make a certain size or sort according to size
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
Two men are riding an orange raft on the shore
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
There is no child waking up
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
A skier speeds through the snow.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
decorate a manuscript with red
A kid is playing a guitar
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
A football player in a red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates
The kitten is playing with a toy
Cook in cream or using cream.
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl
Two women with dogs are walking on a forest path
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight
A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
The woman is adding cheese to the sauce
destroy the peace or tranquility of.
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
The man is not playing the guitar
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by the woman
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
devote oneself to a special area of work.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking, surrounded by wilderness.
There is no woman beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.
There is no one banging a camera lens against a nail
A group of kids is playing on a colorful structure
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
A woman is firing at target practice
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
The man is operating a stenograph
make pure or free from sin
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
A large bird is flying through the air.
An old person is sitting on a bench
the space where a division or parting occurs.
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
Two dogs and two people are walking in a wood
A woman is talking on a telephone
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.
A dog is running through some water.
There is no water being drunk by a cat
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
make by combining materials and parts.
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
have a logical result
People are sitting at tables in a red room
take or capture by force.
sharpen with a strap.
a slight cut in a physical surface
A little girl is walking off the stage
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.
A banana is being eaten by a man
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
The little girl is not swinging and the woman is not standing behind her
A person is wearing a red jacket and carefully holding a beer
a surfer rides up the wave.
A small white car parked at the gas station.
A soaked dog is playing in the water.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
Two men are playing guitar
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into the water
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
A young black child is standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
piece (something old) with a new part.
Someone is cooking okra in a pan
A box is being cut by a man
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
put in a dangerous position
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
A man is getting off the car
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear
apply a thin coating of paint/metal
An unforseen development.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk
be fond of.
A man is playing a large flute
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
person who manages money in board games
The woman is cutting cooked octopus
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.
put or set into, between or among
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera
A young kid is jumping into water
A small child is showing excitement on a set of swings at the park
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
the state of being excommunicated.
the act of providing help or aid to someone
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
act of moving or conveying something
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
shine brightly, like a star or a light.
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.
to cause to separate and go in different directions.
A black dog looking at the camera.
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
A chef is discarding some food
severance from a social connection or tie
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
perceive by inhaling through the nose.
An interview is being granted by the man
The woman is handling a frog
A dog is pulling a monkey's tail
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a house made of stone
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.
get the meaning of something.
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
What can I say to you? he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
An aircraft is taking off
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
An officer is talking to the recruits
The rhino is being fed on the grass
A man and a woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
the act of dragging (pulling with force).
A group of friends are riding the current in a raft
The women are not singing and dancing
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
A boy, who is little, is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
A man is powerfully kicking a soccer ball
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
A girl in a costume participates in a parade.
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
A man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
A man is skiing down a snowy mountain
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
make lighter or brighter.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
The log is lying on the panda bear
The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
The man is doing exercises
The person is not writing with a pencil
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
Some paper is being cut
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
A feeling or state of extreme anger.
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
A man is tanking on a stage in front of a crowd
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
Many cheerleaders are walking in a parade
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead.
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
Two men in hats pose together.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
The man is a guitar player
place or put on the ground.
A black bird is taking flight from a dead tree
What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
A train on the train tracks.
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
The bicycle is being ridden by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail
A man is spitting
A man in a pose is being amusedly watched by another man
Smiling man with reflective classes.
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
One man is feeding a mouse to the snake
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide
narrate or give a detailed account of.
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
Two people are walking by the ocean.
There is no woman driving a car and talking to the man seated beside her
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
A woman is talking on a telephonic device
A woman is cutting an onion
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
A young girl is using sign language
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
give a detailed account of
A woman is brushing her feet
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
make a written note of something
A guinea pig is eating a carrot
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
The animal is grazing on the grass
an aggressive willingness to compete.
Some bikers are getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
transfer from one place or period to another.
A group of men is playing with a ball on the beach
a person who is in charge.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
to fill with coal or oil
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
Someone is peeling a banana
Nobody is folding a piece of paper
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.
Four children are doing backbends in the gym
Boys are dancing in front of some people
Nobody is playing ping pong
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
a portion or percentage of a whole
A skateboarder on a ramp.
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
A man and a woman are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle
Sign language is being used by a young girl
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the road
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth
A brown dog in running on grass.
A dog is standing in the sand.
There is no man opening a door
unite or merge with something already in existence.
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night
A young child is barefoot and is walking past a puddle full of mud
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk
Tambourines are being played by a group of children
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
There is no woman putting meat in a pan
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
a committee having supervisory powers.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
the act of exploding or bursting.
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
a competitor thought likely to win.
There is no lady peeling the potato
A boy is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
Two cows are fighting in a pasture by a man
a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
an angular or rounded shape made by folding.
A girl is speeding down a steep slide
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field.
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.
There is no woman breaking eggs in a bowl
A person is putting meat into a skillet carelessly
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
The man is denying an interview
The dog is running through deep snow.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
Two dogs playing by the shore.
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
lock with one another
A woman is cutting a tomato
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
A motorbike rider is jumping over a person on a sandy track
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment
cook slowly for a long time in liquid
produce a click.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.
Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto the ground
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black.
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
A girl is skipping rope in a park
A black dog on a leash is walking in the water
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the seashore
A man is slicing potatoes
the trade of a funeral director.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid
A dog in a colored coat is running across the yard
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving a toy
act against or in opposition to.
A man is uninterestedly holding a sign and is seeking money
indistinct vocal articulations
a relative loss in price, value
play on a string instrument with a bow.
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
a dog runs through the woods.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.
The man is seasoning the meat
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering
A man is cutting tomatoes
A tan dog leaps into the water.
A male is dancing
A dog is furiously chasing a ball through dirt
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
Three children playing in hay
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
a person who delivers information or goods
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
The guitar is being played by a girl
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
It's a huge black eye, Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
Red and white plane flying through the air.
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
A boy running through surf on a beach.
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
A man is hungrily eating a bowl of cereal
The boy is not cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
A woman is slicing butter
the conclusion of a communication
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
Hay is being eaten by a cow
The violin is being played by a woman
A dog is running towards a ball
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.
Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.
A young girl in a coat made for winter is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
A tan and white dog runs through water.
a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.
have need of.
A man is putting seasoning on a pizza
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
make a clicking or ticking sound.
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
cancel, reverse, annul
serve as the inciting cause of.
A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
Three people in a glass structure.
Some old dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).
A yellow dog is running down a path covered by sand
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
make the surface level or smooth
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The intense man is a guitar player
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid
the act of attaching or affixing something.
Men in costumes are walking around in the street
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.
Look furtively at something.
some situation or event that is thought about.
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork
A surfer is surfing a big wave
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
A man in blue is riding a animal on a dirt road
the quality of being important and worthy of note.
move to a new location, state, or situation
Two cars for racing are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
something that is desired intensely.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
A man is falling off a horse on a track and is laid in the wild
The white dog has a ball in its mouth.
Two girls are playing inside a jumper house
A young woman is playing the guitar
support by placing on or against something solid
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
There is no woman playing an electric guitar
decree, issue an order
the quality of being dependable
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
beat (as if) with a whip or rod
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
A woman is riding a horse
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.
A girl dances like a man in costume
compel, enforce, or insist on something
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A child is smashing a snow ball
place too much a load on.
A woman is adding ingredients to a big bowl
There is no man mixing vegetables in a pot
A man is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
The man is swimming in a body of water near a waterfall
unrestricted freedom to use.
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain
Two white horses staring over a fence.
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
A bird flying in the air
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
The girl isn't jumping onto the car recklessly
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
cause to be balanced or suspended.
Two teams are competing in a baseball game
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
A man is singing into a microphone
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.
the quality of being significant.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
There is no dog playing with a red ball
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
a jockey riding a horse.
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red ball and are playing in the grass
The seagull is floating on the water.
An old woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near a wooded area
A large green colored ball is hitting a potato
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
The man is slicing some potatoes
A close up view of a bottle of water.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.
A big black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
the act of applying force suddenly.
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
A man is playing a flute made of bamboo
move an implement through with a circular motion, mix
Two small children walking in a field.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.
the essence or gist of something
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
A dog plays in the snow.
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
A woman is peppering green slices
The man and woman are strolling
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
turn from an upright/normal position
The man is standing outdoor and the boy is falling over the bottom of the stairs
draw advantages from.
The group of people is sitting in a dim room
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
A green car parked at a saloon.
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
There is no classroom full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
request or demand something from someone
a lid or top of a container
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
rightful portion or stake of something
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
A man is riding a horse
Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
destroy a ship.
an implement consisting of a length of wood.
Three ice skaters round a corner.
pass time in a particular place or way
come into the possession of.
provide with a new seat.
Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
A dog running through mucky ground.
act of applying force
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping behind a water fountain
The woman is not walking the dog
turn the paddle; in canoeing.
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A young gamer is playing with a child wearing a white coat
Living room or den with large screen television.
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging the earth
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
(cause to) separate or move in different directions
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near a brown reindeer
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
the path followed by an object moving through space.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
reverse the winding or twisting of.
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
A woman is being massaged by a man
A monkey is pulling a dog's tail
Two people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
A girl is drawing a man
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing a ball
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on a snowboard
The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
A human utters words loudly and forcefully.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
A dog walks on the beach.
(cause to) break up or cease to function
The children aren't playing in front of a large door
the crown of a flowering plant
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).
(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
A little bird floating in the water.
There are no little boys playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass
Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
A woman is not cutting tofu
A man is folding a tortilla
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
A child in the snow.
Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
A small girl is riding in a toy car
If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism, he said.
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the floor
There is no man massaging a woman
Three children are running down hill
One man is climbing the cliff with a rope
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
The dogs are playing in the snow.
A bird flies across the water.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road quickly
change the inherent purpose or function of something.
A woman is slicing herbs
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
A little girl is frowning and taking off a fake nose and glasses
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
Some kittens are hungry
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
a dog sprints across the grass.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
A person is dicing an onion
A young girl on Rollerblades.
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.
A man is sitting on the grass and drinking from a water bottle
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
A man is putting some food in a container
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
It was a brazen attempt at intimidation, said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
A toddler is sitting down
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
This dog is jumping through the water.
A woman is crouching and holding a camera
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over the rest of his family 
Nobody is in front of the colorful building
the act of putting something in working order again.
A boat's sail is being reflected by the peaceful water
A man is dancing on a roof 
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
a feeling or state of contentment, relief
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War
A backpack standing beside a train.
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
A harp is being played by a man
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
A man is carelessly holding a frog
Children jumping on a trampoline.
The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the jersey
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
A person is taking away the meat in the skillet
the act of planning or deliberating
There is no man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
Some young bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
provide housing for.
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
A black and white dog runs through grass.
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.
A woman is beating the man that is keeping two eggs in the bowl, using a wire whisk 
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn
Two children are playing soccer in the park
identify or pick out someone or something
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
The potato is being peeled by a woman
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism, Mr Howard said.
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply
fall or descend to a lower place or level.
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in the same fashion
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
A dog is running up a grassy hill
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.
a state of extreme anger.
A man is slicing some bread
I really liked him and I still do, Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl
a constructed underground passageway
A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep
One herd of deer is crossing the street
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
goal or objective
Discipline in personal or social activities.
go back to a previous state.
the act of applying force in order to move something away.
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A man is singing
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
A man is naked and is lying in the field
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
An airplane is being stationed on the ground
Several children playing in a ball pit.
Some people who play soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A man is playing the trumpet
A man is slowly dancing on the road
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball in a brown field
A man is dangerously dancing on the ceiling of a room
a notational mark used in writing, diacritic
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
Preserve in a tin or jar.
A person is crouching and holding a camera
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat slowly
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
The human act of making something new.
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands
There is no dog jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
A man is not talking on the phone
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
A cat is walking on a hardwood floor
Someone is dismantling a piano
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.
a person who memorizes or learns quickly
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.
A white dog running on the beach.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
a wet dog chasing a white ball
There is no child playing with a water spout outdoors with the rest of his family watching
give a neat appearance to, neaten
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.
There is no woman tapping her fingers
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.
Two men are not holding fishing poles
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.
A woman with a ponytail is climbing a wall of rock
situate, position, come to rest
A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle
A man is getting into a car
giving a reference or citation of something
the process of becoming less or smaller
the management of someone or something.
An orange pepper is being diced up by a person
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.
A young child is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
make visible by means of chemical solutions.
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl
A man is playing the guitar
find, determine the place of
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth
A large sheep standing on a hill.
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
Three boys playing soccer.
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
seal, insulate or protect
A dog standing in the water.
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.
A snow slide is full of kids
A woman is placing a bowl with a crack near an egg
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
A dog is riding a skateboard
A person is folding a tortilla
A dog, which has a brown and white coat, is holding a baseball in its mouth
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
hit or return before it touches the ground
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.
A large white crane is flying far above the water
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
use up the whole supply of.
A brown dog is running through the field.
A group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair
A boy is staring at a calendar
A large brown dog is jumping over a red hurdle
A man and a woman are idling in a city street
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
There is no biker jumping in the air
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
the act of moving, turning something
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
A small monkey is walking in the river
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to a brown dog
The kid is still in the snow
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
People standing outside at a carnival.
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
be equivalent, have the same effect as something
Three men playing baseball.
A man is on a boat in front of the sunset
There is no man playing two keyboards
The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar case open for donations
partake or provide a banquet
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.
The man is handling a gun
drag loosely along a surface, trail
A black dog running on a beach.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another brown dog in the pond
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
A man is frying a tortilla
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
There is no woman slicing a green pepper
A happy baby is laughing
increase the volume of.
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of beer
A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo
Children looking a sheep.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
Small office space with bright green walls.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.
make or be a summary
sorting one thing from others.
Three dogs playing in the snow.
A woman is dipping a shrimp in batter
A couple is not looking at a map
Two dogs playing in the water.
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a day full of sun
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
The study subject is a camera man
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
A man is removing some food from a box
A boy is jumping off the side of a water fountain made of stone in front of a building
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the sea
There is no boy checking a calendar
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
A brown dog is carrying a colored toy in the grass
The runners are racing around a track
A baby is sitting in the grass.
A man is outside close to a target for blade throwing
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
The friends are making faces for the camera
hunt for hawks
cause to march or go at a marching pace.
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces
A man standing in front of a brick building.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
There is no snowboarder jumping off the snow
gather, as of natural products.
A man picking up a big rock.
A man is fishing in the river
A family is posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.
There is no young boy playing a wind instrument
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
contain or have a specific wording or information
a way or means to achieve something.
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
A group of people are dancing at a concert
There is no surfer riding the wave
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
A woman is cutting broccoli
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.
the state of being in working order
A man who is playing dunks the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
make a written note of.
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
a lone dog running in a dirty road
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
idolize/show devotion to
A child and parent pet a horse.
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
A close up of an ostrich face.
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
A man is taking pictures of a lake
One man is chopping a log with an axe
The man is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach
(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
The group of people is not sitting on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them
A group of men is fighting
A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach
A dog sleeping under a table.
head of a country
A brown dog running
Kids playing ball in the park.
A man in mid air on a skateboard.
The man isn't smearing butter on bread 
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
military personnel lost by death or capture.
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something
the act of starting something.
(cause to) emit a brief burst of light
A woman is cutting tofu
the state of having options, alternatives
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
contribute to the progress or growth of.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
There is no child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down a hill
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.
A racer in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
the act of harming or hurting someone
The wave is being ridden by a surfer
A woman is standing and isn't looking at the waterfall
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
The cat is looking out the window at the table on the perch
move freely (usually within a bounded space)
A little brown dog is running on the grass.
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
The man is drawing
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.
The man is kicking a boxing trainer
care about, be bothered by, be concerned by
Any activity that acquires a person's attention.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
A man is sitting comfortably at a table
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
A small boy is sitting in the forest
A man is making a call on a cell phone
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The panda is not eating bamboo
serve as a means of expressing something.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
obtain or provide money for.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
(Literally) sound with resonance.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
a quantity of money added to a bank account
give a structure to.
The man is hiking in the woods
the territory occupied by a nation.
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting
be or have a quality of being
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
A dog is barking noisily
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
Rugby players are tackling each other
move in circles.
give to, and receive from, one another.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
A child is not playing slip and slide in the grass
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A brown dog is running through green grass.
The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.3.500	A 32-count indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
capital stock in a corporation
A girl is wearing a pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in the grass
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.
A yellow dog is chasing a ball
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman
The headlights on a blue car.
infer or believe to be the case
A cyclist on a yellow bike is airborne
A dog's tail is being pulled by a monkey
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in a parade
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
two puppies playing around in the grass
a computer server
A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs
There is no young child splashing in the water
cause (a computer) to execute a single command.
Two dogs are playing inside
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
The dog is running through a field.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.
informal usage for a domestic cat, often young
A woman is unstitching with a machine
A woman is chopping broccoli
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
the flavor quality of something
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm
A cat is sitting on a piano
Two dogs play by a tree.
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into a bowl
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
two spotted dogs are running through a field
Two football players are scrambling for the ball on the court
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones
a state of confinement in a small space
Two women standing outside of a bus.
A young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
Two dogs are playing with a small red ball
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
A man is putting down the guitar
The dog runs through the water.
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
create by putting components or members together.
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books
save from an experience, action or harm
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
Unrestricted freedom to use something.
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
A little girl is missing a baseball on a tee
The woman in a red costume is not leaning against a brick wall and is not playing an instrument
A group of people are not dancing at a concert
a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
A boy running through green grass.
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water
put or store in a bottle
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.
limit in quality or quantity.
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
A person is drawing some figures
the activity of breaking or splintering something
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
Music is being performed by four people outdoors
A man and a woman are walking down the street of a city
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
A man is singing into an old microphone
A girl is jumping.
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
A young child is standing in front of some trees
A dog is jumping on a trees in the shades
A man is standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
A boy is standing in the cold water
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.
A man is roasting a snake
A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
A young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
An octopus is being sliced by a woman
have an argument about something.
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
A child swinging on a playground play set.
A parrot is speaking
There is no hiker dancing on top of the mountain
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
Two dogs are playing on the beach
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
appear in a certain way.
Two brownish dogs are fighting.
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
Some men are idling
form an impenetrable cover over.
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground
A person is not playing a keyboard
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
flog or whip
Two boys are laying in the water close to the beach
Two dogs run through mud.
person who is a social companion
A person without shirt is jumping high over the green grass
A lady is mixing a mixture of meat in a bowl
The dog in the red vest is running in the field
(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.
a white dog running in the snow
A computer operating on a desk.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution, she said.
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across a street
A man is applying a silencer to a gun
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
Three men are looking into the distance
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and is looking for a pencil
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
make a ticking sound
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
This decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
Two dogs are looking up at a kitchen countertop
A passenger train coming into a station.
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
There aren't many people in the ice skating park
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.
Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
The man is playing a flute
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
A small boy in a shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on the beach
A dog is pulling a toddler out of a rain puddle
A person in a blue jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
There is no man playing a piano
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out
A person is riding a horse
position in football played by a team member
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome
A girl is pushing a go-kart and a daughter is watching her father
Three children playing on the floor.
A child is missing a baseball
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
make or become harder
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
a dog shews on a big stick.
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.
remove from a contest or race.
A woman is not frying fish
A white cat standing on a carpet.
A child rides a bike high in the air.
The play for the ladies requires a guitar
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.
return to a prior state
sink to a lower level; descend
Several people are in front of a colorful building
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
The kids ride a boat in the water.
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
A black man is walking next to a shop in a big city
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
A man is cutting a slice of bread
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place, he said.
A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.
A black and white dog is running outdoors
A man is making a bed
A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue
A man is making a sketch
A family is not purchasing something at a vending machine
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
The climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging from a white, vertical rock
the act of catching an object with the hands.
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
Various customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
The machine is not shaving a pencil
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a crocodile float that is green
The dog is running in the grass.
A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase
A woman is sitting on the grass and is drinking from a water bottle
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
The boy, who is young, is running through the ocean waves
There is no woman dancing
abstain from eating.
A small white dog is running in a lawn
A shirtless man catches a football
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.
A brown dog is walking in the water.
the face or front of a building.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
The snowboarder is jumping off the snow
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a vehicle
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
the selection of a lottery winner
a native of ancient Troy.
contain or hold; have within.
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
A boy is running through the sand
Boy feeding a sheep.
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
A dog is opening a jar of food
A girl is playing the guitar
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
a process of development, increase or advancement
observe, perceive
Three children playing in sand at beach
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
A child is making a snow ball
a unit of military aircraft.
the act of providing a subsidy.
Two women posing with a baby.
Three women are sitting together near woven walls
The act of beginning something new.
make a mark or lines on a surface.
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
time to come
Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
A black and white dog running in a snowy park.
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
A woman is squeezing a lemon
coerce by violence or with threats.
There is no man slicing a potato
The men are acting on a stage
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
The man is speaking on the telephone
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.
A person on a bike is not in the air near a body of water
There is no guy leaping into the air in a wooded area
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
A passenger train sits in the station.
a black dog runs across the snow.
The men are having a conversation
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
Three boys are resting on rocks along a river
a black and white cow standing in the field.
There is no woman cleaning a shrimp
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion
People walk along on the street.
The man is walking along a path through the wilderness
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
There is no paper being cut with scissors
persuade somebody to accept something.
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into the air
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
A black dog is standing in deep water
A dog is running on a snowy path
Two dogs wrestle in the snow.
Two men on boat floating on the water.
A shirtless man is playing football on a lawn
Football players are on the field.
A truck is quickly going down a hill
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
A little boy is proudly wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something
Two children splashing in the water.
The surfer is leaning on a surfboard
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at the sky
A family, which looks happy, is posing by the fireplace
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
A large white bird flying over water.
go on a campaign or off to war
Three men are practicing karate outdoors
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
An animal is running tiredly in circles
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl's face.
a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word
a context or situation that hinders or impedes
A man performs a skateboard trick.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
A man is shaking a drink
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
raise to a higher energy level.
The man is not talking on the phone
employ or become employed in a position
A person is bowling the ingredients to the man at the mixer
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by a person
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.
a boy plays in the fountains.
A girl in white is dancing
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.
The woman is peeling a potato
remove substances from a liquid or solution
A man is making a speech on a podium
A lion is tiring the whole pen by pacing
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
A man is riding an electric bicycle
There is no man playing a guitar
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
move (as if) by lowering
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
The football is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
a channel of social communication
There is no pet dog standing on the bank and looking at another brown dog in the pond
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
A man is doing exercises
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
a restraint that checks the motion of something.
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
starting page of a website
relative darkness or lightness of a color.
The young kids are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave.
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
Three brown dogs are in the water.
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
The back of a small black dog is being sniffed by the brown dog
The flute is being played by the woman
Three teenage girls are idling in the room
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.
a sudden outburst.
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something
A man is slicing a potato into pieces
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
The person is in the snowy mountains.
a quantity of money.
Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
There is no man exercising
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
A dog is jumping through the water.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.
The men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
The piano player is being a tough man
A woman is frying meat
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush for vegetables
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
A surfer is falling off the wave
A man is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
A woman is standing at the beach with a dog on a leash
Someone is stirring food in the water
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
a dog plays in the snow.
The black and white dog is running indoors
owned territory of a sovereign government
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.
A group of people are running a race.
A man is untying a rope
The upper part of a column.
A soccer player is kicking a ball into the goal
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water
A man is not playing with water
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
One man is descending a cliff with a rope
give up right or possession to another
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
Nobody is pouring ingredients into a pot
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
A group of people are walking
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
Four children are doing backbends in the park
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
There is no couple running towards the ocean
the act of making up your mind about something.
two dogs play in the grass.
A white dog is running on sand.
Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset
A squirrel is running around in circles
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
A child rides a wooden horse.
Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through, she said.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
The dog is running across the gravel
a social occasion, often official or formal
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
Two buses parked on a street.
These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
a train rides on his tracks.
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
The man is intensely playing the guitar
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
Two small children are playing with a toy car in the street
Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
The group of people is not sitting in a dim room
A man is eating some food
A handstand is being performed by a man on the beach
A young kid is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
A man is exercising
A surfer is riding the wave
A man is laying a cover over a wild horse that is falling on the track
The man is playing the piano with his nose
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near
alter by chemical means, to make images.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
A shirtless woman is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
Someone is dirtying an animal
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
reason or establish by deduction
Young boys play touch football.
correct by punishment or discipline.
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside
A horse is not racing
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
There is a guy cheerfully playing with a footbag
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
The dog is playing with a plastic container
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
Nobody is playing on a trampoline
A little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
A deer jumping over a fence.
A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
Two animals are running through high grass
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
give suck to.
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
A boy is holding a squirt gun
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
Somebody is jumping in the air on a board
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
A lot of people are in an ice skating park
There is no man eating cereal
A group of boys are quiet in front of a large door made of wood
A panda is climbing
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
A young female rider on a brown horse.
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
cause (someone) to undergo something.
A person is putting meat into a skillet
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
Two large persons are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
lack of agreement, not harmonious
The doctor is not helping the patient
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
make a loud noise, as an animal
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
the act of putting something to use.
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
Something that provides advice.
The man is pacing around a room
Three boys are walking on rocks along a river
duplicate, match
(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.
Two women are talking
A woman is cleaning a shrimp
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
a physical protuberance, large or small
cause to happen or be responsible for.
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
an exclusive group of people.
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.
Someone is playing the guitar
allow the passage of air through.
A person is buttering a tray
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
A man is standing behind the rocks with clouds on top of them
become long or longer.
The dogs play in the snow.
admit to testing or proof.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
Broccoli are being cut by a woman
a chance to do something.
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A boy riding on a swing.
A baby is crying
A white and brown dog rolls on it's back in the sand.
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
A young boy is jumping out of the water
A herd of deer is crossing the street
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
The men are not putting suitcases into the trunk of a car 
look furtively.
Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
A monkey is kicking a person
There is no woman riding a water scooter
clean with hard rubbing.
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
An elephant is being ridden by a woman
the act of creating written works.
a cue given to someone for assistance
A white dog running over a bridge.
A football player is running into an official carrying a football
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
support a person for a position.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
A small boy in a yellow shirt is laughing on the beach
cause to be hanging or suspended.
A woman does a handstand on the beach.
People are paddling near a raft that is being ridden
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman
a brown and white dog swimming in water
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by a man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by a man
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
A fish is swimming
The girl in the blue coverall is painting
A young girl running on the beach.
Dirt bikers are riding on a trail
A dog is standing on a mountain
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
someone who controls resources and expenditures.
A child is sitting in a toy car colored in red and yellow
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
A woman skiing down a snowy hill.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
move to a lower position, terminate something
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
A woman plays with a brown dog.
A woman is amalgamating eggs
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.
be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
A dog is playing with a toy
The man is erasing the drawing on the board
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a coat dyed in blue
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
become engaged or intermeshed with one another.
The black dog plays in the snow.
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
ride a motorcycle.
A dog is eating a doll
put up with something unpleasant
a full stop, as a punctuation mark
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
The man is jumping into the water.
There is no monkey wading through a marsh
There is no dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
A dog is walking along the snowdrift
Two women sheering a sheep.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
A person in a black hat is reaching for a box
The scuba diver is underwater.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table
A man climbs a snowy mountain.
move with a thrashing motion.
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.
A sports uniform is being worn by a man who is running down the field
smell by inhaling through the nose
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.
A boy is playing a wind instrument
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass
Parked white double decker bus.
be in some specified state or condition.
A cat is eating some corn
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
One brown and black dog is running through the leaves
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
The man is adding seasoning to the water in a bowl
One man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
A tiger is sitting
They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides
A person is riding the bicycle on one wheel
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
Young couple sitting on couch.
A blond kid is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
A man kayaks in rough water.
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
facility for secure storage of things, often money
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
The crowd is not watching a football game
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
the speech act of objecting.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of a crowd 
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
the property of copious abundance.
A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall
The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard.
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
A group of girls on a beach.
The man is standing steadily next to a birdcage
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
The singer is leaving the band
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
The lady isn't cracking an egg for the mixer
A biker is riding away from a fence
Two boys are talking on the phone
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging
A cat song is being played on a piano
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
Our fundamental values haven't changed, Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
change toward something smaller or lower.
bring in to consonance
an indication of some hidden activity.
A man stands in front of a train.
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard in the back
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
connect or fasten into a chain by linking
Nobody is jumping off a platform
imagine; form a mental picture of something
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
printed version of electronic data from a computer
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
A man is riding a motorbike
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
A woman is cooking food in a pot of hot water
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
A passenger jet flies through the air.
the act of lifting something
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
A dig is trekking through snow.
365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
A man is pouring cleaner into the sink
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers
A man with a helmet painted red is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
A motorcyclist with a red helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.
A skier is falling into the snow.
Someone is playing piano
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.
the termination, ending of a meeting
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
A dog is walking away from a baby
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
There is no woman playing with two young boys at a park
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
There is no person slicing an onion
The curious boys look in the shed.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
A girl poses with her head upside down.
There is no motorcyclist riding a motorbike along a roadway
A man is not cutting a potato
stain with a dirty substance
A man and two women in a darkened room are sitting at a table with candles
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.
A girl dances on a sidewalk.
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
The men are not playing soccer
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
A horse is being ridden by a guy
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else
A man is mowing grass
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
cook on a hot surface using fat.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the dry sand
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting
There is no woman cutting broccoli
Three children stand on or near a fence.
A child in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else, Parrish said.
A woman is deboning a fish
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
A horse is being ridden by a girl
A fearful little boy is on the ground
A young man is running away from the fishing line
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
A group of people in a living room.
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
One young boy is climbing a wall made of rock
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green jeep
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Runners are competing in a race
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
A black faced sheep.
A man is not playing keyboards
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
There is no person pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
a stronghold.
have a disagreement over something.
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
a flock of sheep or goats
A dog is missing the ball in mid air
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
A group of people is on a mountain
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
the act or event of ending a process, state, situation
a usually brief attempt.
A man is freeing a fish
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
A brown and white dog is playing on the grass
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
Put on cream, as on one's face or body.
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
The man is going into the water
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
A man is whacking a boy with a sword
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
a physical entity
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air.
A bicycle in a dining room.
The woman is not cooking something
Two children jumping into a body of water.
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.
A girl is doing a manicure
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony
travel along a zigzag path.
The Jockeys are racing horses on the field, which is completely green
cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.
the trait of being well behaved.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a fence made of metal
People are far from a beach full of sand by the ocean and are suffering from the sunny day
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
Two white dogs running in grass.
luggage compartment of a car
There is no man patting an alligator on the mouth
Someone is stroking the belly of an animal
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
A dog is jumping in the snow.
A kid is splashing in the ocean
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
the foremost part of something
The person is riding a jetski in the waves
The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators, Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
Two cubs are playing
A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.
Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.
A black dog is attacking a brown dog on the sand
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
take up, as of debts or payments.
A band is performing on a stage
An onion is being sliced by a person
We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
A woman is playing with a brown dog on a garden path
A baby is licking a dog
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
Some water is being casually drunk by a cat
A brown and white dog is running through the river
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
personnel casualty
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.
Two black dogs run through a field.
There is no man playing the guitar loudly
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
A man is riding on a bicycle with one wheel only
If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is standing on the tennis court
a person who plants or detonates explosives
Nobody is playing with a toad
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.
Two brown dogs running through water.
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside a building
make (more) comprehensible
The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey
A man with a camera is studying the subject
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
There is no man doing pull-ups
signify or mean to express or convey
an aptitude that may be developed.
Five adults are sitting on a chair
A dog with a golden coat is in the water
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
A girl is hitting a little tee with a baseball
a close up head of an ostrich.
A man on a bike is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
move as a crowd or in a group.
A man is playing a flute
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
set forth as an introduction or preface
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
A woman is slicing carrots
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down a track
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
Tofu isn't being sliced by a woman
A dog with long hair and a red vest is sitting in the grass
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
A woman is gracefully dancing on a stage
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
The man is playing the flute
A dog leaps over a barrier.
Someone is writing
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.
Two sumo ringers are fighting
A woman is taking two eggs out of a pot of water
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
The man is not dancing
come up, as of a liquid.
A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
Potatoes are being sliced by a woman
The horse is leaping over the rider at the barrier
become aware of through the senses
Two men are fighting in a pen for cattle
A women standing next to a brown cow.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
There is no man riding a mechanical bull
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken
Three dogs play in the grass.
a store or supply of something
A man is running away from the soccer ball
Bring back to life, return from the dead
There is no person peeling an onion
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.
A woman is not eating a cupcake
A person is coming out of the water
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.
cover with a protective sheathing.
The doctors are not reviving a man
There is no blonde lady looking at a tower
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.
The dog is running on grass.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
A woman is putting away a carrot
A shirtless man is leading a carriage that is being pulled by a horse
make keen; give (new) life or energy to
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
Some people are singing
place or lay as if in a pile
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow jersey and is not defending the goal
The meat is not being dropped into a pan
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
A surfer is riding a big wave
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
A girl from Asia, in front of a window made of bricks, looks surprised
lower the pitch of (musical notes).
A young child slides down an orange slide.
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head on a lawn
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
The boys are standing in front of the car, which is burning
A little girl is running.
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is walking on the beach
A man in a blue jumpsuit is failing to perform a wheelie on a motorcycle
Write a computer programme.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
A brown dog is dropping a colored toy from its mouth
The children are wearing black tights and hopping
The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
There is no man playing guitar next to a drummer
The turtle isn't following the fish
lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
the quality of being of practical use.
A man is cutting a potato
The young girl with a pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on the grass
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Two children are playing in the surf
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
A man is watering the grass and excitedly playing with a dog
separate (as if) by passing through a sieve
Two toddlers are sleeping in a wagon, which is really small
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
A dog in the backyard is carrying black fur in a basket in its mouth.
An event that causes someone or something to die.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
Two children are shown upside down.
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are running through snowy terrain
I'm still not red-hot favourite, Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
A woman in a shirt dyed in black is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a darkened room
(Cause to) smell bad.
There is no person cutting some ginger
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
A man is eating a fruit
state of being unified
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
The deer is not jumping over the fence
A small black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
The brown dog and the red dog are frolicking on the beach
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
Oil is being poured into the pan by the woman
trace the form or outline of
We think it's great news, said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
A man with his bike amid a demolished building.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach
A man is laughing
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water
Someone is playing with a frog
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
A large flute is being played by a man
A man is slicing tomatoes
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
A little girl is shoveling snow.
The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama
Cars racing on a dirt track
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains 
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
any area set aside for a particular purpose.
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
sound sharply or shrilly.
A skier skiing down a large mountain
There is no man standing next to a bus
Two boys are studying
A large duck is perching over a rocky stream
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
put in a horizontal position.
a well-known or notable person.
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
A young boy is singing and playing a guitar
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl
Draw in and expel air through lungs.
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
The chef is carefully drying the oil from the pan
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
A chef is preparing some food
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
A brown dog is running in a field.
A black and orange bird is standing in the grass
The woman is dancing
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
the act of testing something.
develop in a positive way.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
A cat is jumping into a box
The person is boiling noodles
amount of time that something is postponed
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
Someone is folding a piece of paper
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
There is no man recklessly riding a horse
cause to become ice or icy.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
the quality of being useful for something
The air is tricking a performing cyclist
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching
The dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
A horse is leaping a hurdle and has a rider on its back
The boy is playing in the mud
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
Nobody is beating an egg
fetching something from a source
A tree is being cut by a man with an axe
to put down by force or authority.
(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.
What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough, Covello said.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
be on base at the end of an inning
The girl in a dyed red shirt isn't blowing a bubble
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
A kitten is getting bored
The man is fasting
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by a woman
A large boat on the sea.
A football is being held by a man with no shirt
We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.
There is no person riding a jetski in the waves
Three dogs running through a puddle.
Two men are fighting in a pasture for cows
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.
A person is slicing an onion
Two people are playing ping pong
A man is packing the guitar
The person is brushing a cat
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of flowers
cause to procreate (animals).
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
A dog is running through the snow
A man is standing on a roof
A dog with golden fur is in the water
Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine
The boy is cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against a lamp post near to other people
A man is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.
An animal is biting a person's finger
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
carry as a backpack, go backpacking
There are no men sawing
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
A picture is being drawn by a man
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
take apart into its constituent pieces.
The drums are being played by the man
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
state of being active, bustling about
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
Men are sawing
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
The loud man is not allowed to play the guitar
A woman is riding a scooter towards the water
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
A little white dog running through the sand.
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
There is no motorcyclist on a bike leaning into a sharp corner
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying tennis ball
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into a pan
A man and a woman are having a conversation
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
recover, return to former state
have a strong desire to do something
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
There is no man holding a mask in his raised hand
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
the noise of something rapping against a surface
Somebody is cutting a tomato
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal
remove water from.
have or be covered with bristles
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A black dog in the snow is leaping off the ground and catching a stick
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
Nobody is brushing a cat
A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.
A man is talking on the phone
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
end of the American Revolution
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.
the state of being more than full.
Four people are performing music outdoors
injure by turning or rotating
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white
A player of soccer is scoring a goal
An airplane is flying through the air
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
any new participant in some activity.
a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.
give something for a cause
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
organize or be responsible for.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is not talking on a cell phone
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
the action of extending outwards
The women are dancing outside
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
A person is unfolding a tortilla
They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.
One man is leading the race
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
give a definition for the meaning of a word.
twist suddenly so as to sprain.
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
The man is doing floor exercises
A young female is dancing
the act of putting something in a certain place.
A boy is playing a keyboard
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by a cat
to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
A woman is slicing a cucumber
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.
preserve with sugar.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier, James said.
One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
The brown dog is spotting a black dog and is playing in the dry grass
Two dogs are walking slowly through a park
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
move an implement through.
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in a pen
the motion of one object relative to another.
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
the act of advocating or promoting something
a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).
Our outcomes are very encouraging, George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
the amount by which something decreases.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a container
A tennis player with a green headband is missing the ball
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
A man is emptying a container made of plastic
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill
A dog is running on the beach
Four kids are doing backbends in the park
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring the front of the class
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken
the successful ending of the American Revolution.
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar.
the act of liberating someone or something.
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
A brown and white cat is jumping on the sidewalk
Some people are treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
There is no little black dog chasing a little brown dog
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
to argue or plead in favor of
There is no dog running through a field and chasing a ball
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
A person is not making a bed
Woman at table busy with something.
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
A boy and a girl are playing on the outdoor gym
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park
The dog is jumping in the air.
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
A lemur is being stroked by a woman
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity
A man is going into the water
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
the length of time of a temporary cessation
a process of becoming smaller or shorter.
A dog running across the sand
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is dropping a bucket
A man rock climbing.
The man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
A tiger is walking around
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
Lie at an angle; bend along a path.
A man is playing the piano
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a funny face
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
A man is standing shirtless in the street
People are sitting at square tables in a red room
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top.
There are no men fighting
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for a photo
A man is not drawing on a digital dry erase board
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag
A puppy running along a street.
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
Some women are sitting together near woven walls
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.
A young boy is jumping off a chair
A black animal is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road
A woman is slicing a vegetable
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
shoot down birds
a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
A dog jogs through the grass.
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
a single serving of a beverage.
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the backyard
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
disentangle and raise the fibers of.
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
Physically raise from a lower position.
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
A young man is pushing a motocross bike down a dirt hill
study intensively, as before an exam.
A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
make (a surface) shine.
The blonde girl with the pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
The man with the dyed purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
An Arabic man is wearing a white hat
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
There is no man chopping a log with an axe
The person is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point
furnish with spars.
show submission or fear.
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
A man is jumping on a trampoline
A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
A flute is being played by a girl
A man is removing the butter from a piece of bread which is big
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
Amount that can be contained
the act of escaping physically.
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
Four athletes are with a person in a crowded stadium
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
any accounting period of 12 months.
final stage of an event or activity
A child is playing slip and slide in the grass
A white cat laying on an office chair.
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
a written message of nonacceptance
cause to be immersed in
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man
The lion is pacing tiredly in the pen
An email is being read by a man
A group of people is singing
bubble over with a certain feeling
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
A man is cutting a bun
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
A tan dog is playing in the water on the bank of a pond
A group of men are playing ball together.
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.
an interpretation of a text or action.
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail
the ability to recall things
the act of surrendering or losing something of value
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
The bunch of men are playing with the mud on a rugby field
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with an internet camera
Two young women shear a sheep.
A man is peeling an onion
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
A man is shooting with a bow
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
The people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
The cat is playing keyboards
the act of damaging something or someone.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
A brown dog running after a young cow.
The man is talking about the telephone
A baby is cheering another baby
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
A man playing a video game in a store.
the chief executive of a republic.
a consequence, outcome or result of something
A boy is surfing and riding a wave
A group of sheep are on a hill.
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
A man in a small city is doing charity work
A woman is mixing eggs
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.
We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.
Bread is being sliced by the man
There is no dog in a colored coat running across the yard
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
A few men are playing cricket
the act of terminating a life.
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature
A dog runs through a field.
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.
The black dog runs through the water.
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
A man is playing an electronic keyboard
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.
the high value or worth of something.
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
A woman is throwing a potato peel
A boy is filling a pitcher with water
People stand outside a bookstore.
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
A dog runs through a snowy field.
Three dogs playing in the green water.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
The potato isn't being peeled by a woman
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
turn on an axis; spin
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.
a person who takes pictures, often a professional
A person is removing eggs from a bowl
The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
Two boys playing in water.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
A young boy is jumping into a still lake
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
The little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
A dog is jumping into the water.
A climber is parking with the children by a small statue
A young boy riding in a swing.
Two men are swimming in deep water
Some food is being fried by a woman
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.
attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.
A dog jumps through water.
The man is going into the lake
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
A group of kids is playing on a structure which is colorful
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
A baby is playing with a doll
Provide medical care for.
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.
A brown dog is calmly standing in the water
A cat is swimming after a tennis ball
A black dog is walking through some tall grass
Two dogs run through the grass.
A woman is cutting butter
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side
The windows are being polished by a man
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
group of people defined by a specific profession
Okra is being cooked in a pan
recognize, be familar or well-versed with
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
A dog running through the woods.
bring into being.
A man in a batman costume is running a race.
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in the street
An animal is emerging from a lake
Some men are fighting
A machine is sharpening a pencil
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
A practicing jumper is tossing a person's snowboard into the air
A little boy is playing a guitar
A woman is exercising
The dog is not knocking the boy into the water
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
find the solution to or understand the          meaning of
a brief experience of something.
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
a man running track
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
A person is not chopping an onion
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.
A black dog is running in snow.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
A man is reloading a shotgun
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
The players is maneuvering for the soccer ball
People are walking outside the building that has several murals on it
A large man is sitting in a military accessories store
The men are carefully putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
The red bus is on the street.
No motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a motorcycle
cause to become alive again.
the act of choosing, picking one among many
A cat is jumping into a container
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary
A young boy with a bib is watching the camera
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.
cover or swamp with water.
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.
A woman is walking in a city street
A young boy is running a race.
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
argue or speak in defense of.
The people are standing at a parade
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
furnish with a guideline
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete, Barrett said.
the state of being connected.
put a new heel on.
Weights are being lifted by the man
the activity of putting something in written form.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
A black dog digs in the snow.
shape or influence; give direction to.
A girl in a band is playing the flute
Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.
the first part or section of something.
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
A dog is playing in water.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
There is no child holding a water gun or getting sprayed with water
rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
(cause to) become less clear or indistinct
prepare for/put to action or use
A man is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
There is no man fixing a silencer to a gun
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall, snowy mountain.
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint
There is no man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding a unicycle down a street
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
A man is praying
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at the front of the class
A mostly black train on a track.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
One man is doing a bicycle trick in midair
It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
There is no little girl playing a grand piano on stage
A golden dog is sitting in a field of tall grass
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
Entreat; ask for some information or action.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
take or have a position relative to others.
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior
A child goes skiing.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal
Two dogs playing in grass.
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
The little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
Someone is not playing piano
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
A person is riding an electric bicycle
Two men on the side of a barge
A person riding a dirt bike.
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
a bundle (especially one carried on the back).
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
limit the range or extent of.
A girl in blue is sliding down a slide
A group of people is on a beach
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the left
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
A woman is frying some food
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
The windows are being cleaned by a man
A dog is fetching a stick out of very dirty water
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.
be worthy of or have a certain rating.
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
A girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
One woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A flute is being played by a man
make amorous or sexual advances toward
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
Three dogs running through a field.
take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
cause to become awake or conscious.
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
A woman is eating a cupcake
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.3.500	Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
the act or capability of seeing
a relation that provides the foundation for something.
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
One woman is practicing with a flute
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
The kids are playing outdoors near a man with a smile
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
A woman is seasoning a ham
A person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.
A deer jumps a fence.
Four people are silently standing outdoors
A lady is standing near three children
A yellow dog is running up a sandy path
an established linear path of travel
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
A man is speaking on a stage
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
concentrate on a particular place or spot.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping
A dog is near a ball colored in red, which is in the air
A young man with a beard at an event.
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it's mouth.
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
remove shells or husks from.
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back
give or convey physically.
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct
A boy is comfortably sitting in a room and playing a piano by a lamp
Two boys on a couch are playing video games
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
the power to use something or someone.
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone path
A woman is diving into a pool
Some cheerleaders are dancing
the act of sorting things into categories
The large brown dog is running through shallow water.
the act of projecting out from something.
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
A horse is being ridden in a creek by a man
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.
A black dog is running along the beach.
Start abruptly, ignite
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
A man is performing a jump on a bicycle
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
state of being active
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, said Silver.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
A woman is slicing tofu
A little boy in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something
A black dog running through the snow.
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.
A white dog jumps into a pool.
A woman is putting some sticky goo in a bowl
A small black and white dog is biting a stick and is swimming
It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
A black dog lays in the sand.
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
Women pointing at a geyser.
the act of moving from one place to another.
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
The baby is not laughing and crawling
A woman is dancing near a fire
become liquid or fluid when heated.
A young boy is quickly jumping off a chair
Two large park benches have a person sitting and a bottle of soda between them
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree
A person is recklessly riding a horse
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
There is no cat swinging on a fan
One man is turning on the microwave
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
Two men are walking through the water
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
A large man is sitting in a military accessories shop
regard with consideration or respect
connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
A person is frying meat in a pan
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
give something useful or necessary to.
Some furious racers on the green grass are yelling at the horses jumping an obstacle
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
Some women are talking
A black bird is sitting on a dead tree
A man is getting a garage for the car
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
Two black dogs in the snow.
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
A man climbing a cliff face.
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
One man is climbing a rock wall and another man is holding a rope
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
A young boy is riding a bike.
the price of a good or service
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.
Two older men in front of a bus.
fail to do something; leave something undone.
The man is cautiously operating a stenograph
Two dogs running on the shore.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
observe with care or pay close attention to.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
A woman in riding a brown horse.
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.
make underscoring marks.
create and charge with a task or function.
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
make pure or free from sin or guilt.
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
A horse is racing
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
A long train is on train tracks.
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
A white dog is running across a grassy field.
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
A woman is standing with a pair of dogs
do lacework.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
A little boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a signboard 
The white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
return to a former condition.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
Germinate, as in a plant.
A black and white photo of an old train station.
A car is riskily jumping over a girl
PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
A small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a pyramid
A bike rider on a ramp.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
A surfer on a wave.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
A dog is herding a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
appear or become visible; make a showing.
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.
A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
A man is pouring a pot of cheese sauce into a shredded plate
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).
the close approach of one object to another
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
Two white dogs are running together
the breakup or termination of a social relationship
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty
the event consisting of the start of something.
A man in a car is not pulling up beside a woman who is walking along a road
make invalid for use.
A tan dog is resting in the snow
A woman is using a sewing machine
The man is slicing potatoes
The state of being pleased with life.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
A man in a red jacket is standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean
Two men are doing a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
A woman is sewing with a machine
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)
a dog pounces on the grass.
A cook is coating a pork chop
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better.
A person is boiling noodles
Two men are competing in a tire rolling race
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
A woman and three men are denying a photo
A woman is cutting a potato
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
A quantity of something
Two black and white dogs running in a field.
People in costumes are walking around in the street
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
A woman is combing her hair
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.
a unit of atmospheric pressure
An exciting or stimulating experience.
A woman is cutting a carrot
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone.
Some food is being prepared by a chef
request urgently and forcefully.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough, Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
A motorbike rider is running over a man 
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
The European Union is basically absent, said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
a person who plants bombs.
A tan dog is running through the brush
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
A white dog runs into a lake.
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside
Three cows grazing in a field.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
An Asian woman in a crowd is carrying a black bag
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
A little boy is wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
The man is hurling knives at a tree
A dog is biting a mop.
The kangaroo is picking up the woman
have sexual intercourse with.
the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose
Tony's not feeling well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
change directions as if revolving on a pivot.
the act of protesting, dissenting
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
A woman is surfing
appoint to clerical posts
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
settle or deal with something
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
a boundary marking the extremities of something.
A man is carrying a tree
the black and white dog is running through the ocean.
A dog is in an area full of sand, with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
a reference line used to align lettering
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
One man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
anything with the form of a thin strip
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is very small
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
make a sharp sound.
A yellow kayak is being ridden by a man and a young boy
create something in the mind
A mountain is being climbed by two men
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
There is no man slicing potatoes
The person is dicing up a pepper which is orange
A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a pond
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
A group of football players is running in the field
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard
Two kids and a man are playing games at an arcade
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
have or contain a certain wording or form.
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
A brown and white horse runs quickly.
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.
A animal is grazing in a field
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.
arrange a program of or for.
A horse is running
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
A young child is splashing in the water
Children in swimming suits are not playing in the water
The white dog is running along the beach.
A dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching
There is no man fitting a silencer to a pistol
A man is cutting a boot with a blade
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
express protest or dissent, raise an objection
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.
The woman is cooking eggs
A dog that has a brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
enjoy, be fond of or approve
Child holding an object that is on fire.
Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera
A boy is happily playing the piano
A brown dog plays in the snow.
A dog is running through the ocean.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).
a cause of pain or injury or loss.
A woman by a brick wall is wearing a mask around her mouth and a hair net
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
A man is erasing some figures
alternate dramatically between high and low values.
A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
The man is eating cereal
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
bring two objects, ideas, or people together.
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette.
The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
A man is parking a motorbike
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
the act of dwelling in a place.
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
A woman is chopping up garlic
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
equip with a fuse
The brown dog is not sniffing the back of a small black dog
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.
A woman is playing an electric guitar
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with a webcam
make hard or harder.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A black dog is hanging out in the grass and running with its tongue out
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.
Two young children are walking across an open field.
Some persons are singing
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
Red double decker bus.
Two trains inside a train station.
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
A horse with no rider is falling over a hurdle
The women are not dancing outside
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
A sad family is posing by the fireplace
arrange or order by classes or categories.
A dog runs through an obstacle course.
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
The girl is erasing the other man's work from the board
come as if by falling.
Somebody is playing the guitar
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
A snowboarder goes down a ramp.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
A black and white dog is carrying a big stick on the green grass
Some ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
attack as if with claws.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping out of a blue kiddies pool
to act as the host of
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
The train sits at the train station.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
A football player is carrying an official past a rolling football
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
A man and a woman are walking down a city street
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
a woman's sleeveless undergarment.
A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
A biker jumps an obstacles.
A person is burning some cameras with a blow torch
any large deep body of water.
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities
A cold cyclist is celebrating
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
an established line of travel or access.
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
A man is eating near the kittens
A furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
a group of surfers catching a wave
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
The men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks beside a river
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
A shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
Close-up of a hummingbird.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
A group of people in a large Asian restaurant is eating
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
(Cause to) to turn to the left side.
The man is feeding the snake with a mouse
A golden retriever is running
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
The back of a sign with stickers on.
make a channel for; provide with a channel.
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl
make or become less strict or severe
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
Boy and girl running along the beach.
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
Two green and white trains on tracks.
employ or utilize, put into service
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
A small boy is scolding a dog
physical force that draws objects together
The woman is not poking holes in the potato
A skier about to go down the mountain.
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across a field.
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
preserve in a can or tin.
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
A black dog fetches a dead bird.
make a loud noise, as of animal.
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
A young girl going down a tube slide.
The person is slicing onions
Some girls in their teens are dancing for the camera
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
A skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
A man is disassembling the drum
the forceful hit of a ball
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
A person is eating in a restaurant
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
Two dogs running through a field.
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility
The man is singing and playing the guitar
A man is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and one is kissing the mother
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.
A woman is breaking eggs
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
The woman is not picking up a baby kangaroo
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain.
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.
A dog zips along the beach.
A boy is saying a word
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
move or establish in a new location.
People wearing costumes are scattering in a forest and are looking in different directions
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
leave undone or leave out
A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock
location sheltered from the wind
the act of flipping a coin.
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
stick out, jut out, protrude
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
perform or supervise a ritual
a formal association of people with similar interests.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
A man is slicing a carrot with a knife
A woman in a bikini is pulling a cat on a leash at the beach
A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
provoke or stir up.
Two dogs are in a grassy area.
The camera man is nailing a hammer to the wall
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
The helmeted girl is riding a bike
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
Two children and an adult are standing next to a tree limb
A cat is swinging on a fan
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
a man sits on a rock.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved, investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface
A steak is being rinsed with water by a person
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
There is no woman dancing near a fire
reduce to a simpler molecular compound
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
People sitting on the porch.
the act of choosing or selecting
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
an energetic attempt to achieve something.
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
a train in a station.
induce into action by using one's charm.
Four people are walking across thick snow and the sun is setting
Two children are stretching over some metal bars
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
A small dog leaps in the water.
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.
We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
The small child is wading through the water and is being guided by another person
make a film or photograph of something.
A couple of boys are playing a video game
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).
organize anew, as after a setback.
adhering to moral principles.
a black and white cow in hay.
A child is swimming underwater in a pool
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
The man is granting an interview
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
the act of designating a role to someone
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
the state of inactivity following an interruption.
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
There is no man with a camera studying the subject
propagation of waves back from a surface
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
where you live at a particular time.
One small child is greedily drinking water from the cup
Mimes are performing on a small stage
They were tossed around like feathers, Gordon said.
a sudden, brief burst of light
A police officer directs traffic on a city street.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
a set of pieces of creative work for showing
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on the grass
the part played by a person in bringing about a result.
reason by deduction; establish by deduction.
A man is sharpening a knife
I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
A woman is storing broccoli
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water
A boy is playing on a toy phone
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
A ball is being caught by a dog in mid air
The girl is trotting on the horse
A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
The man is dipping into a swamp
prevent from entering; keep out.
Nobody is on a motorcycle and is standing on the seat
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
A boy in a red shirt is in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
Two men are breaking into a car during a trip on a snowy road
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
direct the course of; manage or control.
There are no white dogs running and jumping along a beach
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
tag the base runner to get him out.
Two children are peering over a rusty ledge
A climbing boy rescues the fearful cat from over the wall
a small thin branch of a tree.
A large white crane is flying near the water
People travel up the elevator together.
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
keep from being seen or perceived by others
Two women in a sailboat.
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on the beach
an event that causes someone to die.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
continue a certain state, condition, or activity.
accept an excuse for.
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
A bull standing in the field.
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
Children play in a pile of snow.
A boy is spanking a man with a plastic sword
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.
A boy in a blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face
The woman is cutting a carrot
A bike is being held over his head by a bicyclist in a group of people
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
One small child is filling the cup with water
A dog with long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
the act of changing the location of something.
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.
The dog is catching a blue ball
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
Two dogs ankle-deep in water.
Two dogs running on the beach.
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
A man and a woman laughing.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing
A woman holding a small baby.
hunt or shoot snipe.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
A woman is being caged for the dance
A deer isn't jumping over the fence
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
A woman is using a machine made for sewing
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.
A small cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
There is no white dog standing on the leaves on the ground
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
being in a protected state or condition
A dog is barking
cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.
There is no person standing in a vast field of glacial ice
Rugby players are not tackling each other
A boy is mowing the lawn
An organization that sponsors a large public event
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
A brown and white dog is passing under a red, yellow and white hurdle
The man is slicing vegetables
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
Two kids and a woman are playing games at an arcade
Two dogs bound across the grass.
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
The men are not climbing a mountain
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
An woman that is old is shaking hands with a man
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
The blonde girl with the pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the top of a building
Nobody is riding the bicycle on one wheel
concrete enactment of an idea or concept
The man is clumsily kick boxing with a trainer
The woman and the man are travelling by car
There is nobody jumping in the air on a board
The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
A fish is being cut by a man
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
make an incision or separation
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
The man is getting off a motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren
The man is riding a bull which is mechanical
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
confine as if in a prison.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
A dog is biting a doll
leave out, omit, prevent from entering
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat
A seated woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
There is no man with a hard hat dancing
Two boys are running around a field.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
A man is having lunch
remove from a position or office.
Two young children wearing sunglasses
Someone is holding a hedgehog
A boy in a striped shirt is playing in front of a water fountain
A young person in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
A woman is slicing a green pepper
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.
There is no woman playing a guitar
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
be the culminating event.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
There is no blond child holding a yellow bottle
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
pull, or move with a sudden movement.
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
make a mess of or create disorder in.
A boy is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
A married couple is walking up the aisle
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
A topless person with a back pack is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
A dog is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
the skateboarder jumps into the air.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a hot day
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard
recover posession or get back again
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the water and looking right at the camera
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
A woman is chopping onions
the act of providing incentive to someone
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
A man is jumping off a low wall
A white dog runs on the sand.
save or relieve from an experience or action.
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
The person is hiking
immerse briefly into liquid or container
One panda is eating a bamboo cane
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
Two men are taking a break from work
compress out of shape or into small pieces
The person is playing the flute
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
the act of improving something's quality
But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, he said.
A dog of large size is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
A dog is looking around
Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.
The young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
a sharp side of an object
A man is playing with water
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
The dogs are running through the yard.
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
Two young women are sparring in a kickboxing fight
Four people are sitting on a low cement ledge
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
adapt to a specified measurement.
A girl is combing the hair of a little pony's tail
A toddler is sitting in a seat
A man is tying a shoe
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
A group of people having a meal outside.
go on a campaign; go off to war.
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.
Someone is banging the lens of a camera against a nail
A man is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at day
A girl is playing the piano
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a close target
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
lengthen or extend in duration or space.
I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
Some women are holding each other in a circle and dancing
The people are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
A group of people standing outside of a building.
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
be equal to in quality or ability.
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
A woman is not peeling a potato
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
There is no dog running in the grass
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
the act of preserving or protecting something
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
A dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in a field
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
An old man sitting down watching something.
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him.
There is no man standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
A field of black faced sheep.
Two children playing in the snow.
An officer is talking to the soldiers
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on the shore
A little girl is peddling a scooter
A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
Different teams are playing football on a field
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
learn, assimilate a body of knowledge
Two dogs running on grass.
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming a wheelie done with a motorcycle.
start suddenly, as from fright.
There is no person kicking a soccer ball between somebody's feet
A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on a track near water and a skyline
A man is riding a mechanical bull
The kids are not chasing each other in the sand
A man is cutting a paper plate
The brown dog is sniffing the back of a small black dog
A few people are dancing
Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.
There is no veteran showing things from a war to some people
Appoint, ordain to a clerical post
A lemur is biting a person's finger
A young couple is lying on a bed together
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are running in the grass
a man doing a trick on skateboard
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
restrict or limit the range of
the state of being covered with unclean things.
Two cats are playing with a red ball
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
Two dogs are running through high grass
A man is making a phone call
A dog is caught mid air with a ball
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.
Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.
A man is playing a keyboard in a park
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
insert or close with a plug
Dogs are racing on a track
Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
(cause to) survive
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
Someone is typing
A child in a green and white uniform for sports is running over the grass
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
A dog running through deep snow pack.
A mental state of sadness.
The man isn't doing a magic trick
A dog is running on a muddy path
A baby is playing with a dog 
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
Two dogs standing in the snow.
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
A black dog retrieves a bird.
Two women in a clothing store.
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
A person is standing in front of a rock with a rope, which is pink
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
An official task or undertaking, usually funded
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors
a specified portion of a whole
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
The person is setting fire to the cameras
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near a desert area
The young man is rock climbing
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running
A kid swimming in the ocean is tossing a coin into the pool, near the man
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
The young boy is running through the ocean waves
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
A dog is biting a can
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
be opposite.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is begging for money
A cow is not eating hay
A man is riding a horse on the beach
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
A man is picking up a tree
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
The black dog is running through the water.
an abundance or profusion of something
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
The lady is peeling the potato
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
the ground level of a multi-storied building
The big white dog is running in the grass.
A small dog is lying on a bed
A child is holding a squirt gun
A surfer is leaning on a surfboard
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
A small white dog is running across a lawn
make or become wider or more extensive
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
There is no man mowing grass
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
overcome with amazement; flabbergast
An onion is being sliced
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
A boy is being knocked into the water by the dog
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
The cats are playing with each other
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
One man is passionately playing the guitar
searching for or buying goods or services.
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
the identification or the realization of something
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
A boy is wearing sunglasses
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
A man is cutting a tree with an axe
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum
A child is experiencing a new world
Some cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing
A man takes photos on the water's edge.
A person is chopping an onion
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.
A man is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.
One person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
A cruise ship docked at shore.
A bird with it's wings spread
Three women are standing still
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
Some people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
A woman is putting on eyeshadow
The woman is cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
A song is being sung by a clown
The boys are standing and burning a car
The man is performing a large jump
A young boy falls off his bike.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
A cramped black train is on the bag of a girl
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
Two men are standing near the water and are holding tools used for fishing
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
deal with in a routine way.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
pronounce with an initial sibilant.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
A dog and cat laying down together.
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
Two panda bears are lying together
There is no girl with black and orange patches on the cheeks
The action of opposing some other social or military force.
Five people on a sidewalk.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
The woman is wearing glasses and a black headdress
A person is doing a trick with some cards
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object
money in the form of bills or coins.
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
A cat is stuck on a ceiling fan that is moving
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.
The man is funnily playing the piano with his nose
A man water skis while attached to a parachute.
Four people are walking on the beach
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
Black dog running very fast.
A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
The presentation is being attended by a classroom of students
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
have as a logical consequence.
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.
Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.3.000	It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
The cats are not playing with each other
Two large dogs are frolicking in a grassy field
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
There is no boy standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal
This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace.
A man is jumping into a full pool
put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun
Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room
A man is playing a guitar on stage
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Performance, routine
There is no man playing the guitar
Nobody is floating on a raft
There is no man spitting
The boy is spraying the plants with water
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
A woman is mixing the content of a bowl
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
There is no brown dog jumping in the air
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
The man is playing with a skull
A man is skiing down a hill and jumping a red obstacle
A man is sitting in a field
A cat is jumping high into the air in the country
A happy family is posing by the fireplace
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
A woman is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
Two people are riding a motorcycle
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
A white dog running in the snow.
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
A person on a bmx bike.
A brown dog and a black dog are frolicking in the sand
provide veterinary care for.
the activity of removing a resource
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
guide, draw through
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
set into opposition or rivalry.
The man is not playing the drums
change the arrangement or position of.
Tofu is being sliced by a woman
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
A dog is near the red ball in the air
A child in orange is playing outdoors with a snowball
issue bonds on something
The man is cutting cooked octopus
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
the act of expressing approval, support of something
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
the tactile (touch) quality something has
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
Two young women sit by a fountain.
There is no man dressed in black and riding a green bike
Two children are playing on a statue
register formally as a participant or member.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions
A boy is looking at a calendar
A soccer player is kicking a ball out of the goal
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
a fast rate or occurrence of something
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
the act of surrendering an asset
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
the central area of an object
cast off, get rid of something
a boy swinging on a swing.
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
a skateboarder grinds a rail.
Two children are lying in the snow and are drawing angels
A man is playing a trumpet
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
approach a certain age or speed.
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
A baby is not crawling happily
the finger next to the thumb.
a cause or source of harm
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
There is no cat sliding upside down under a couch
A young boy is using sign language
A prey is quickly running behind the cheetah
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke
No people are riding camels at the beach
The girl is carrying a sign and is being followed by a group of people
Someone is falling off the horse
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
become broader or wider or more extensive.
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
A dog runs in the woods.
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
A woman is ignoring a man
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in a pool
A girl is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
something that is made real or concrete.
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy
The man is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
A boat is sailing quietly over the water
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.
Three children are running down a grassy hillside
The woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.
cover with wooden boards; secure
A dog swims in the water.
lessen in force, impact, or effect
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
The men are playing with a ball
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym
A dog with something pink in it's mouth is looking forward.
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
glean or gather natural products
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
become less interesting or attractive.
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of a red stone monument
A tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball
There is no person setting fire to the cameras
A dog is leaping high in the air and another is watching
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump
Two boys are playing a video game
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
an area enclosed by walls or buildings
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
A black dog running through water.
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.
A person is cleaning a pot of cooking oil
Three dogs running through water.
A white dog is standing in a lake
a movement back from an impact.
Someone is putting away a keyboard
A woman, who is old, is far from a white dog
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
the force used in pulling.
A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle.
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
strike with horror, surprise, disgust
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
A man is opening a door
A woman is playing with two young boys at a park
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home
the trait of wasting resources.
People on motorbikes in a city street.
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist
A golden dog is running through the snow.
get involved with or mixed up
the act of grasping into one's arms
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
A white dog in a jump,holding a plate in his mouth.
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
The man is kick boxing with a trainer
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.
A flute is being put away by a girl
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
The dog is biting some droplets of water
A woman is looking at the view of a city
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
The black and white dog is running in a green yard
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard.
An animated airplane is landing
reveal its presence or make an appearance.
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
the status of being a champion.
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
alter the shape of (something) by stress.
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
A man and a woman are walking together through wooded areas
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
A man is crying
A baby is not playing with a doll
communicate or signal with a flag.
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival.
Someone is being boiled with okra in a pot
Provide with rails, as by laying.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A man is doing pull-ups
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
the fashionable elite of a given community
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
turn in to get something in exchange
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
Someone is playing with a toad
a white dog runs across the water.
An electronic man is held as a device
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
Look through a book or some other written material (for information).
A man is performing a handstand on the beach
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.
take apart into constituent pieces
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.
A daughter is being pushed by her father on a go-kart and another girl is watching
A dog is walking along a snowdrift
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
A black poodle plays in the snow.
The girl is lounging
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
A woman poses with a baby.
A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth
a verbal or written request for access to something.
a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).
Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
whip with or as if with a whisk
define; determine essential qualities of
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
The birds are swimming in the water.
A dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
the tallied points of a game, at a given time
the state of owing something (especially money).
A little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
Two dogs running in a field.
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
become pregnant; undergo conception.
A nude lady is walking in front of a crowd in body paint
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding a blue ball
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.
A dirty dogs runs through the woods.
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
be a sign or indication of.
create code, write a computer program.
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
Someone is drawing a person
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
A woman is adding spices to some meat
come or bring back to life, health, existence or use
A tree is being picked up by a man
A harp is being played with a hat by a man
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
A person skis down a snowy hill.
discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.
There is no woman cutting a potato
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
storage cabinet furniture
A white race car is driving through a puddle
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
It is raining on a walking man
A group is not riding the current in a raft
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
cost or monetary value of goods or services
The deer is jumping over the low fence
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
The interviewer is granting a break to the man
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
A girl is standing next to the opening of a fountain
One woman is playing a flute
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
The man is chopping the trunk of a tree with an axe
any cause or source of great suffering
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
Two dogs are shaking water off.
take measures in preparation for.
A person is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
state or explain the meaning
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
to incline or bend from a vertical position.
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
A boy is shredding a calendar
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
human legs, informal usage
computer text files
The women are singing and dancing
Three small dogs are sniffing at something
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets
Kids play soccer on a field.
A man is standing on a roof top and playing a violin
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
There is no man in a grey t-shirt sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
The lady is dancing
A stuntman on a bike is in the air near a body of water
assign to a particular task
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
A girl jumping in a puddle.
The cop is sitting on a police bike
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.
the state of being suspected.
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy shore
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
A man is mixing
A man is participating in a bmx race
a social gesture of deferential greeting
find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.
the act of swallowing.
A kid is playing the guitar
ascribe or place in association with
A double decker bus on a city street.
A man is sitting on a sidewalk
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm
Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
an inherent aptitude or talent
A bike is being ridden by a woman wearing paint and costume pieces on a busy street
A man is chopping butter into a container
A boy is hanging a rod for fishing and running in front of a fish
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
The appropriate or desirable thing.
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
warn or call to a sense of preparedness
Several swimmers are jumping into the water
return in thought or speech to something.
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
A father is in the swimming pool during his daughters launch
A person is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain
One man is chatting with a girl with an internet camera
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
The potato is being peeled by the lady
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
A woman is not slicing an octopus
A group of Asian girls are standing together
the state or fact of being an owner.
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
The piece of paper is being cut
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok
A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
A small man is sitting in a military accessories store
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
Saturate or inocculate with a substance.
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
A dog leaping over a chain.
A man is playing two keyboards
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
A person is listening to a trumpet playing
A few women are holding each other and dancing together
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
The dog is playing in the water.
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
The man is rising from a swamp
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
A young girl in a winter coat is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation
originate or come into being.
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
the act of applying force to propel something.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
a short account of the news.
a vehicle race on public roads
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on a swing
A large black dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
A big potato is knocking a green ball
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on a rocky surface
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
Two baby pandas are playing
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
A dog is running toward the camera.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.
A woman waves as she rides a zip line.
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is seated beside her
A person is wearing grey pants on a snowboard
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
A small boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
There is no one climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
be or act in association with.
A big dog is running on the ground
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
Three people are driving ATVs
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
be pertinent or relevant or applicable.
A child cavorts on the road.
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
the act of beginning something new.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
a group of old men walking down the street
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
A young girl is sitting in a swimsuit
culminating event
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
Two men with bikes are on the side of a snowy road
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
A woman is showing a small dog to an infant
Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
a boat moving in a river.
a competitor most likely to win
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
A man is pointing at a silver sedan
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand
an expanse of land
A woman is cutting meat
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
A dog is licking a baby
A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
There is no man loading a rifle with bullets
A dog is barking at a ball
Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
provide, raise, or supply funds to
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
social or economic downfall of someone or a group
A guitar is being played by a baby
A red double decker bus on a city street.
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing.
the amount that can be contained.
A dog and a red ball in the air.
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of the camera
Someone is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is not watching her
A woman is walking the dog down the street
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
a sculpture of a human or animal
a computer program that performs system support
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
Funeral direction
secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
A man is riding a rodeo bull
Yellow boat on a beach.
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.
look at or observe something or someone
A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean
Two white dogs are running together.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
A man with no shirt is holding a football
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
A black man is skillfully break dancing on the pavement
A seabird is flying over some rocks
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry
Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.
The act of talking about the features of something.
A brown dog wades in the water.
A baby tiger is playing with a ball
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
Two women are sparring in a kickboxing match
A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
pass by, over, or under without making contact.
Understand the meaning of something.
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
Change one for another
A black dog walks through some water.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
a general trait or characteristic of something
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
A brown and white dog is not running through the river
A green bike parked outside a book store.
A person is writing
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
Adults and children standing and playing in front of a stair near a wooded area
a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).
A small monkey is walking through water
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A man is performing stunts on a green bicycle
A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
recovery or preservation from loss or danger.
A woman is dancing near a fireplace
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
the lower part of anything.
A sheep grazing in a field.
A blond child is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
A woman pointing at a geyser.
A child playing on a playground play set.
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
store (liquids or gases) in bottles.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background.
Two dogs play in shallow water.
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.
Three boys are jumping off a platform
A black person in white is joyfully running with the dog on the grass
The soccer player is kicking the ball between somebody's legs
Two cats are fighting each other
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball
Children in swimming suits are playing in the pool
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
A person is wiping butter on a tray
put under the control of the federal government
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
Some bikers are not getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
ride on someone's shoulders or back.
go up or advance.
An indicator that orients one generally.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
A man is riding a scooter
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
Jeremy's a good guy, Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
Nobody is holding a hedgehog
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks
A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail
A young girl sliding down a black pole.
I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said.
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair
A little boy with a bib is watching the camera
A little girl is hitting a ball off a tee
A person on a black motorbike is doing tricks with a jacket
take in (mentally or physically)
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
A player dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street.
A man is cutting onions
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
to make a great mental or physical effort
The black dog is lying in the grass.
A man is playing guitar next to a drummer
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
take possession of by force, as after an invasion.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding a unicycle in the street
A cat is playing keyboards
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
a pair of mated people, e.g., married
allow the passage of air
A large white dog is jumping in the air over an area covered by snow
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman
A blonde in green is sitting by a swinging boy
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
Physically attach to something.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
connect with; reach a target or goal
The boys are not standing in front of the burning car
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
deal with according to routine or procedure
Become widespread as an idea or feeling.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a busy street
end
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on a sunny day
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.
make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
one fourth of a year
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
attain success or reach a desired goal.
Two smiling women holding a baby.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
The person is drawing
be located at or on top of something
the cause or instigation of something
A dog running through the water.
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
beat or pound rapidly
The woman isn't stirring eggs in a bowl
A man is kicking a soccer ball
A young child with black hair is deleting a picture from the camera
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
to bring or combine together or with something else.
A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
enclose in or as if in a frame.
A black dog is jumping on a dock into a pond
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
emit or cause to emit noise
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
A man is rowing a boat
gain points in a game.
A person with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
The surfer is in the wave.
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
A young couple is not lying in bed
The player is dunking the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
A man is dropping a tree
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
A lemur is hanging on a rope
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
Left side of a silver train engine.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
A red sweatshirt with a smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace 
come into conflict, meet in opposition
A group of children is not playing tambourines
A frog is being held carelessly by a man
A black train moves down the tracks.
the act of referring or consulting.
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
A man by a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
A man is shooting with a weapon
A person on a snowmobile.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
give an incentive for action.
four children are playing on a trampoline.
A woman is slicing an onion
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal
A man is driving a car
A man is diving off a cliff
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of a lady 
A child in a green and white sports uniform is resting on the grass
Two children are hanging on a large branch
A boy is running on the beach
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
Limit in quantity or quality.
the head of a city government.
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
The panda bear is lying on the logs
A man and woman are talking
like better; value more highly.
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.
The man is singing heartily and playing the guitar
A women and a dog playing outside
There is no man putting some cheese on a pizza
an indication of damage.
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
fruit cooked down with sugar, jam
A guitar is being played by a girl
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a plant
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
make something, usually for a specific function.
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.
A person is performing acrobatics on a motorcycle
an allotment or percentage of something
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
A woman with pigtails is climbing a rock wall
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
There is no woman cutting a vegetable
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
A man is talking
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
A man is performing a trick on a green bicycle
The cat isn't licking milk from a saucer
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo
The man on stage is singing into the microphone
make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.
symbolize, serve as an example of
The man is playing the guitar
A black dog is running through the snow.
Two boys on a couch are reading a book
The kid is swimming through the blue ocean
Three people are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
A dog is running after a ball in the grass
give a neat appearance to.
A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
Two dogs are running through the park
There is no man cutting a rope with a sword
A woman is cleaning a man's face
heat a metal prior to working it.
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
The person is not riding the horse
give a thrashing to; beat hard.
There is no small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
There are no people flipping the tires of a tractor
be a signal for or a symptom of.
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
informal terms referring to a domestic cat.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
A person is cutting an onion
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
A black dog running into the water.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest in the dark
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.
Two dogs are playing on a beach
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
A man is sky surfing on the water.
A dog is not running towards a ball
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
provide or supply with water
A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
A young boy is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
Three men are lying on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
the act of making a proposal.
The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue
A man is flooring a sitting guitar player
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
There is no man on a bicycle riding on the beach
the activity of supplying or providing something.
the act of perpetrating a crime
Mimes are performing on a stage
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
A keyboard is being played by a man
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into a pot on the stove by a person
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
A little boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
rot; become unfit for consumption
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe.
The man is playing a guitar
Increase the acoustic volume of.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
A man is tying a thick rope
But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.
There is no boy playing a piano
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
spend time in prison
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
urge with or as if with a goad.
The men are fighting with their fists in a ring
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
A man isn't pouring oil on the tomatoes.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
The man in a cowboy hat is not walking through a market and is not putting a hand in his pocket
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. 
A man is working on the laptop
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
damage the reputation of.
No onion is being cut by a man
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
A man and a woman are walking nicely
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
a woman with a viking hat on.
A black dog and a tan dog are fighting
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
A dog jumps high in the snow.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
A man is punching a soccer ball
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.
The man is eating
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
make something more diverse or varied
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a ball
A cowgirl is riding a horse and corners a barrel
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
Two dogs and two people are sitting in the woods
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal
put or introduce into something.
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
An old woman is wearing a rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A dog running along the beach.
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
A woman is firing a weapon
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
The man is not kick boxing with a trainer
Two groups of people are playing football
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide
There is no man singing and playing the guitar
pay unsolicited sexual attention to
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
A person is dancing in the rain
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over wall full of graffiti
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on the grass
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle
Roller blades sliding on a railing.
Three people racing on ice skates.
A person is strongly whisking eggs in a bowl
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.
Two kids are pushing past a crocodile in an inflatable pool
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)
The sheep is standing under the trees.
angle with a hook and line and draw through          water
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
a company that provides public service commodities
A man is skiing down a snowy hill
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)
Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk
remove the pod, husk or shell
The military officer is shouting at the recruits
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
cause to make a snapping sound.
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
A group of people is equipped with protective gear
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near the end of the field
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man
cover with or as if with a cloak.
move or sway in a sinuous fashion
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
sharpen a razor with a strap
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
A white dog on a leash is walking in the water
discipline in personal and social activities.
Two dogs play on the grass.
the spatial, geometric contour of an object
A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
A guitar is being played by a man
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside
The helmeted girl is perching on a bike
someone who plays a principal role
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
An instance or action of being incorrect.
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass
There is no kid playing guitar
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup
A man is not riding a bicycle
(cause to) become less intense or strict
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
The persons are singing and dancing
A lemur is eating quickly
A man is slicing a fish
the degree or amount of something
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions
The man is not slicing a potato
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
Two dogs are running through a small pond
A young boy isn't climbing a wall made of rock
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.
A ball is being chased by a yellow dog
A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
sound with resonance.
A kid is playing guitar
a state of extreme poverty.
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a sunny day
drive forcibly as if by a punch.
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
a social set or clique of friends
A dog shaking water off.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove
A small black dog is in the grass.
A woman is picking a can
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
a quantity that is an approximate calculation
The cow is grazing in a field.
Small black dog running in grass
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
have unlawful sex with a whore.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
have the financial means to do something or buy something.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
a system of units used to express the weight of something.
There is no man cutting an onion
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
A woman in a top which is purple is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
The man is skillfully playing the guitar
A man and a woman on a bench.
But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
Two people are sitting on a bench
A girl jumping in the grass.
A dog, which is black, and a white one are staring at each other in the street
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the soft snow
It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case, Sax added.
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
A woman is grating carrots
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
The woman is poking holes in the potato
A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.
A dog is running through a pond
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
The herd of caribous is not crossing a road
signal by winking.
The bicyclist is not riding on a city street
My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen, Ezzell said.
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
A band is playing some instruments
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
One cat is playing with a watermelon
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
A brown dog is running through tall green grass
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
A black cat is swinging on a fan
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
Two people in snowsuits are lying in the snow and making snow angels
The elderly lady is waiting on the sidewalk
go away or leave.
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
The woman is not dicing garlic
a fourth part of a year; three months.
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
create a new entity by putting components or members together
income collected as tax by a government
A bride in a white dress is running
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets
A black man is break dancing on the pavement
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees
Nobody is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).
flow, as of liquids
A man is spreading butter on a piece of bread which is big
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
A person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
There is no dog racing on a track
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
free from a burden, evil, or distress.
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
The woman is putting pasta into a dish
A panda bear is eating some bamboo
A man is opening a box with a knife
Leave to someone after one's death.
Two dogs running through the grass.
The man is not hammering a nail with a camera
A woman is drying noodles
It has outraged the membership, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake.
A man is opening a package that contains headphones
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
A woman is restraining the dog
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
A dog lying on its back in the sand.
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
A woman is peeling food
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
A woman is cracking some eggs into a bowl
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.
A soda is being opened and drunk by a woman
A man is holding up an electronic device
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
A woman with a ponytail is climbing down a wall of rock
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.
Someone on a perch is looking at a small wooden cat that is on a white cabinet outside the window 
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
consider again, usually with a view to changing
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.
make a request or demand for something to somebody.
the rate of some repeating event.
A white cat looking out of a window.
Children in swimming suits are playing in the water
Two dogs playing on carpet.
A cat is thrown at the ceiling by a person
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
A man is wearing a hat which is hard and is dancing
a group of people appointed to a committee
Four dogs are playing in a area covered by grass
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
the condition of living or the state of being alive.
A race care driving along a dirt road.
There is no woman slicing a tomato
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
speed up the process of
clear mucus from one's throat
add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)
Woolly sheep at auction house.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air
A courageous performer is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle over a man in a blue jumpsuit
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
Someone is cleansing an animal
the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
A jockey riding a horse.
There is no panda climbing
four people sitting at a table.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
(cause to) happen at a later time
A child is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.
The piano is being played by a man
the action of putting something into operation.
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
Three dogs are running in a field.
A brown dog is running through the grass which is tall and green
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for a camera
conform to a metrical pattern.
have in mind as a plan or purpose
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.
a dog sprints across the water.
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment
There is no woman putting on lipstick
strike as if by whipping.
A dog is looking at a store counter
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
A dog laying in the snow.
There is no large dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.
A little girl on a kid swing.
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
The man isn't playing the piano
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so, chief executive Marce Fuller said.
A man is lifting barbells
There is no man eating a banana
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down a hill
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
A person is peeling an onion
There is no man cutting a paper
There is no family posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
make up something artificial or untrue.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
Two dogs are playing by a tree
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
Two young kids are eating corndogs
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
an itemized statement of money owed
Two dogs play in the grass.
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
a written list of particular things being offered
Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of
A man crouching and holding a camera.
White dog outside with two people in background.
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman
A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
The woman is measuring a man
A person is repairing some cameras with a blow torch
the act of devoting time and energy to something
A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a water bottle
The woman in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
A girl dances on a stage.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a marching band
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing a game
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
leave or give by will after one's death.
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
A woman in a short skirt and boots.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, one politician said.
The little girl is looking at a man in costume
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
Nobody is riding a bike
There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN, he said.
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.
The act of creating written works.
A few people are singing
The man is riding a mechanical bull
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the seashore
the successful action of solving a problem.
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo
A woman is performing in the rain
The man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe
give up what is not strictly needed.
The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a heavily graphitized wall
A man is holding a big animal in one hand
Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
A baby is sitting
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
The tan dog is not watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat
provide a feast or banquet
A man in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally
equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.
take away a vital or essential part of.
A boy of young age is playing in the park with his mother
A bicyclist is holding a bike over his head in a group of people
A golden dog is running through a field of tall grass
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
The girl in the blue and white uniform isn't cheering
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
Two men standing on beach.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
A man is breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer
The man is putting away the bread
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
A boat in the water.
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
A person is taking a cat down from the ceiling
A woman riding a brown horse.
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
be tantamount or equivalent to.
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by a person
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
A woman is slicing potatoes
make believe with the intent to deceive.
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
pronounce with a nasal twang
A man is wearing a hard hat and dancing
Three kids are sitting in the leaves
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head in a grass field
A man is repairing tiles with his hands
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
A young boy is jumping onto a chair
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
Two dogs run through the brush.
A man is talking to a woman
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
an onerous or difficult concern.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
A baseball player hitting the ball
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
Some men are resting
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.
The man in the hat is smoking a straw cigarette
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
The bicyclist is speeding on a city street
move very slightly.
a group of skiers going up a mountain
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
A dog is running on a snowy road
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
A woman is planting some flowers
There is no little kid playing football and falling into the grass
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
an informal right to something.
A boy is playing guitar
A woman is cooking fish
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
A man riding a white horse.
A white cat laying on a sheet.
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
A man is using a knife to open a box
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
A group of people having their picture taken.
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
the act of shoving something away
A girl is raising a blue uniform with her arm
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish
fool or hoax.
A red sled is being held by a little girl in a green coat and a boy walking in the snow
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
A woman in a yellow dyed shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
The woman is dicing onions
A man is cutting an onion
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
There is no cyclist on a yellow bike airborne
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
A small animal is singing
Two young boys are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
overflow with a certain feeling.
The cows feed in the trough.
A black dog asleep in a car.
There is no small dog chasing a large brown cow
Older woman holding newborn baby.
run at a moderately swift pace.
A blonds girl is surfing
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles
restore to a previous or better condition.
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.
Two dogs jumping on each other.
become or cause to become obstructed
A woman is putting a baby in a waste bin
A man is not playing the guitar
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
regain or make up for.
assign to or arrange into categories
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and riding a unicycle in the street
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
A pale dog runs down a path.
A dog is scattering a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
indicate a decision or prediction
There is no dog chasing a ball
A white bird is landing swiftly in the water
put in a particular place or abstract location
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
terminate, end, or take out.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
The large dog wading in the water and shaking.
The woman is slicing herbs
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
A boy swings on a jungle gym.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
the act of reducing the amount or number.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
A woman is frying fish
A woman is cutting onions
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
appoint someone to (a position or a job).
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
Four people are standing in thick snow and the sun is rising
A dog with a blue collar is not playing with the ball outside
A dog is lying on a trampoline
The man's jumper is in the empty pool
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
There is no girl in blue jumping in the air
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
A brown and black dog is looking upwards
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
A shoeless woman is standing over a blanket near a lavender umbrella
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
Two people playing on a snowy hill.
A man with tattoos is holding a couch with a pencil
subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.
Child sliding in the snow.
cause animals to move
A group of scouts are camping in the grass
cause or become accessible state, make or become available
A white and brown dog is walking through the water with difficulty
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
A brown dog is running though a river.
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass
A brown dog is sitting down
A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him
The kid is sliding in the snow
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing a little brown dog
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
A prawn is being cut by a woman
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
suit to a special purpose.
An airplane facing the camera.
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.
A green car parked outside the saloon.
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
A man is sitting on the beach
A woman is slicing a tomato
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a white bike is catching up
A black dog, running on grass.
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
A man is standing on the top of a roof and playing a violin
A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations
A woman is playing with a brown cat on a garden path
overcome with astonishment or disbelief
Three men are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
There is no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
Young boy plays ball on the beach.
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
The little girl is playing at the playground.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
A man is showing off a small monkey
There is no person riding a bike along a muddy trail
A black dog is sitting in the grass and keeping its mouth closed
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
women's sleeveless undergarment
A yellow dog is not drinking water from the faucet
A black and white dog is playing with a broken volleyball
A woman in a black jersey is standing in a gym
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
A group of kids is staring at a colorful structure
Two cats are looking at a window.
A brown dog shaking its head.
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it's teeth.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
the general outward appearance of something.
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
A white hat is being worn by a boy which is running on the beach
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
A man is eating onion slices
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
The lady is eating slices of meat
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
A black and white dog is carrying a small stick on the green grass
A state of confusion or disorder.
A woman is removing the peel of a potato
a dog stands in the white snow.
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on the water
Two dogs are resting on the beach
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a band
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A little girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on the head
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
A dog chases another by a tree.
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near the water
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background.
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
The person is playing the guitar
A brown dog and a grey dog are fighting in the snow
The person is writing
There is no little girl peddling a scooter
the act of cutting off length, snipping off
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
There is no cat playing keyboards
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing near two men who are seated on a park bench
Produce a phonemic click.
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.
The cop is sitting on a police bicycle
There is no woman dancing in a cage
hold, contain within
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law, he said.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
submit, send to
A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
The dog is having a rest in the park
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
The woman is picking up a baby kangaroo
give surety or assume responsibility.
give someone credit for something.
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
Two women sitting on brown couch.
The state of being suspected.
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
A top violin player is standing on the roof over a man
travel in front of, be first, precede
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at night
A man in a blue jumpsuit is courageously performing a wheelie on a motorcycle
Two women are happily dancing
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
the act of drawing or hauling something.
A man is driving a motorbike
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the stairs, which are outdoors
The men are climbing a mountain
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
a stiffener in a garment
If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you, said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
The sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
A man is slicing a tomato
There is no monkey pulling a dog's tail
Three people are standing by a bench under some palm trees
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
a loud resonant repeating noise.
A woman in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
The man is training
a collection of something, often a large amount
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
A girl is waking up
An airplane is taking off
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk
move forward by leaps and bounds.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
The person is walking
People are riding two camels on the sand
A man in a shirt dyed purple is walking away from a man in a black shirt, who is serious
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
Two people in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
These are dark days for our industry, Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
A young child is running outside over the fallen leaves
A girl is playing on a toy phone
A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
Small children are getting off a statue in a park
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.
something serving as a cover or protection.
Kids are riding horses in a ring.
A man is not cutting an onion
make noise like bad engine
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
A man with a white headband playing drums.
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.
The monkey is practicing martial arts
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
Turn the paddle or oar.
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
the act of describing something.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.
elevated wooden porch of a house
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
There is no cat playing a keyboard
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
A green bus drives down a road.
A man and a woman are eating
A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan
A boy is sitting on the ground
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
A woman with a white horse.
A man is cleaning the sink
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people is following her
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
A horse is standing
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water
There is no woman coating a pork chop
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
The small boy is standing in the forest
The man is up in the air.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
The black and white dog is jumping for the ball
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are sniffing
A man and a woman are not shaking hands
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
a separate and self-contained entity.
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome
People stand outside watching something.
The act of testing something.
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied
The man is removing knives from a tree
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail.
consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
A black and orange bird is not standing in the grass
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
A small group of people is waiting to eat in a restaurant
exercise authoritative control or power over.
catch in or as if in a trap.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism
presentation of a musical theme
There is no woman placing skewers onto a rack
A crowd of people is far from the water
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
The black bird is not sitting in a leafless tree
A biker is wearing gear which is black
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
the state of having one's weight supported
An old man is sitting in a field
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
free from obligations, service or confinement
A toy train is hitting a toy car
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
A man is riding the animal
an automobile race run over public roads.
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
defining, distinctive form or shape of something
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.
One man is sitting steadily on the chair
The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
The man is playing a piano
strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
A boy is running through the sea at the beach
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
One man is climbing a wall made of rock and another man is holding a rope
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
A black dog runs through a muddy bank.
A woman is showing a puppy to an infant
cause to move, cause to be moved
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
Two men are leaving the stage
An empty office cubicle.
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
A biker is riding along the top of a fence
A man is arranging the garden
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from the screen
Several people are sitting around a fire at night
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
affect with or as if with a cramp.
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
A woman is slicing some meat
Two dogs in the snow
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
A lone bicyclist is putting down a bike
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
A man is playing a wooden flute
Five birds stand on the snow.
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
The boy is not playing the piano
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.
A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
There is no man walking in the rain
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
free from obligations or duties.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
A man jumps off a rock into the water
Furnish with metal spurs.
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
A boy is playing an instrument
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
manipulate the registers of an organ.
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
A person by some cameras is blowing on a burning torch
A woman is drying eggs
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
A kid in orange is playing outside with a snowball
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content
write a computer program.
the act of turning, rotating an object
Two women walking down the street
A big dog and a small white dog are walking past each other
A man in a red uniform is making a jump in a dirt bike race
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping on the ground
A man is not playing a flute
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
the act of giving a false appearance.
a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
throw quickly.
make more complex, intricate, or richer.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
a state of exposure to harm
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
the apparent condition or state of something
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
A small child smiling at the camera.
A man in a black hat is touching a cardboard box
There is no man standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
a sporting match, boxing
Someone is boiling okra in a pot
a person under the guardianship or custody of another
utter in a certain way
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
The rider is biking in the rain and wearing a red jacket
Small children are climbing a statue in a park
take vows, join or allow to join a religious order
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.
make more intense, stronger, or more marked.
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
A woman is putting two eggs into a pot of water
Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers, writes Barrenas.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
A black and brown cat is eyeing a fly
The man is putting chicken into the container
the act of perceiving a scent
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
An animal is rolling from side to side in a garden
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
A man in a hat is playing a harp
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a car
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.
There is no man on a boat in front of the sunset
There are no dogs playing in the snow
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
a channel for communication between groups.
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
Ask for and get something for free.
People are riding and paddling a raft
make certain of the failure or destruction of.
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.
collect discarded, refused or damaged material
The hungry woman is eating
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
A dog in in a car.
A racquet is being held by a tennis player in mid game
There is no man playing a bamboo flute
A dog is biting a black frisbee
Remove by rubbing
fly in or as if in a glider plane.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
express or utter with a hiss.
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
A man on inline skates is skating at a skate park
a casual or unexpected convergence.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with a pinwheel
dispose of (something useless or old).
support; hold up; nurture or provide for
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
The man is doing a magic trick
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
A brown dog is running on grass.
cause to move faster.
A policeman is sitting on a motorcycle
Two dogs run through grass.
A tiger is walking outside a cage
Someone is falling off a horse
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
Two dogs in a yard.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
A dog with a ball is being chased in the grass
the fashionable elite.
the activity of examining or assessing something
the way something conforms to a shape
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
People are not walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
the day before today
the event of coming to a stop, ending something
The guitar player is loving one girl
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
A white dog bounding through snow
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
The woman is putting makeup on the man
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
two dogs are running across a grassy path.
any activity that occupies a person's attention.
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
a dog napping under a small table.
collect discarded or refused material.
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
The cat perched on the table isn't looking out the window
A dog is running in the snow.
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
throw into great confusion or disorder.
A dog shaking off water.
No skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
The man is talking on the telephone
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
A group of men playing brass instruments.
A potato is being peeled by a person
(cause to) return after being refused
cause to have an odor
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people
The people are sitting in a restaurant in front of the beach
Two small dogs run through the grass.
hunt with hawks.
a military aircraft that drops ordinance
A dog is chasing a ball
The panda bear is resting on the logs
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course.
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
a message refusing to accept something that is offered.
A man is playing the guitar owner
censure severely or angrily.
The man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
The sun is not shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress
A tiger cub is roaring
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.
The act of moving in a hurried manner.
A yellow dog in the snow.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
Become pregnant.
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
A man is taking a picture of a drawing
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him
There is no woman chopping up an octopus
A lady in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
A man is strumming the guitar
The baby is laughing and crawling
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
Medicines
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
A close up of a brown faced cat.
A blonde lady is looking at a tower
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets
Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
Some racers are swimming in a lake
a sudden emotional vocalization
A woman is marching with a pair of dogs
sell or transport an item or idea abroad
make high-pitched sounds.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
A door is being opened by a man
A man with no shirt is jumping over a log
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
There is no dog riding a skateboard
bring into a different state.
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
the assertion of a proposition offered as true
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.
the act of combining, blending, integrating
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
The woman in the white sweater is drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
A young boy is playing a wind instrument
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
The black dog is not walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
No little dog is running on the sand
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.
A man is shooting a shotgun
One man is intensely playing a guitar
A large brown cat is jumping over a red hurdle
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
Create a coating for something.
A boy is practicing the keyboard
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
A dog with a blue blanket is running through the grass
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
A dog is running in a field.
per centum
The practicing person doesn't like the guitar
The puppy is not playing with a plastic container
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
anything illusory, not concrete or real
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
something with no concrete substance.
The man is throwing knives at a tree
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
change the key of, in music.
the activity of providing supplies
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cell phone
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
Five people are standing in the grass with no dogs
A boy is effortlessly climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
stretch out or over completely
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
the act of climbing something.
A person is sitting and wearing a grass hat
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
A rainbow afghan is being held by a girl in gold and purple
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
A jet is flying
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness
force to go away by blinking.
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
There is no dog rolling from side to side
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
Someone is pouring ingredients into a pot
The woman is playing a guitar which is electric
The orange rider is not driving a motorcycle on one wheel
A biker is naked
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
A man and a woman are walking
incite action, cause an event
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
Two girls jump out of swings.
face an event and survive; endure
a natural physical force of drawing towards something
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
A person is dancing on the ceiling
Three children playing in snow.
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.
Three dogs are up to their necks in water.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
A sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
Remove tree stumps from an area.
The small child is not wading through the water and is not being guided by another person
A person is playing a guitar and singing
There is no dog running on the road
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
An oriental man and two women are facing a camera
A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.
A laughing man is dyeing a shirt black on the table which you cannot sit at 
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
The man is on the ride with the horse
A tiger is strolling around
cause something to be the case
A dog splashes in the murky water.
Change the purpose or functioning of a system.
decorative cover for a bed.
A person is tearing sheets
A skateboarder is jumping in the air
A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
abstain from eating or from certain foods
observe or plot the moving path of something.
appoint to a clerical posts.
A man in a purple hat isn't climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
Three dogs swim in the water.
An egg is being cracked into a bowl by a woman
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
A podium is where a man is speaking
A man is cutting a tomato
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
A man in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a brown dog in the grass
A rhino is grazing in a field
move faster, or cause to move faster
A girl riding a brown horse.
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
support on the back and shoulders.
A person is doing a trick on a snowboard
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
A dog is running through tall grass.
A small dog runs through a field.
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands
Three dogs play by a lake.
People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
face and withstand with courage.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
There is no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl
A woman is cutting fruit
A golden retriever is not running
A large tennis ball is being used to teach a dog to run in the grass and catch it with its mouth
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
A horse is falling on someone
A sudden (emotional) outburst.
start to burn or burst into flames.
A person is shirtless and is putting down the beer
the positively charged dense center of an atom.
Two men are doing a skit, which is very funny, with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
A man is emptying a plastic container
Five black dogs run in a field.
The muscular white man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
(cause to) be overlaid with something
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
Two dogs are running on the grass.
(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.
A little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
Two boys are playing flag football.
The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
A dog in a bucket is biting a tree which is probably a pine
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
People are playing cricket
bring into general popular/common use
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
An old man with a grey beard is riding a bike
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a car
The young girl with a shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on the grass
There is no man cutting a box
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some boulders with water in the background
declare or make unfit or unsuitable
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
make a short, sharp sound
There is no man dancing on the road
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A dog is having fun with a toy
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
The young man is not rock climbing
A woman is deep frying food
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field.
A truck is quickly going up a hill
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
the processing or operation of something
There is no one typing
A man is running
A woman is playing a guitar
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
Follow one's own or another's path
A white dog runs on the grass.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
oppose with equal weight or force
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.
A woman is stroking a lemur
something that is craved
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.
The boy is playing the piano
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
People running away from seagulls on the beach.
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a gun
The elephant is being ridden by the woman
A football player kicks the ball.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
The boy is sitting near the blue ocean
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
A dog running in the surf.
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
A large green ball is hitting a potato
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
The act of sorting one thing from others.
support by placing against something solid or rigid.
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
The act of indicating or pointing out by name.
There is no dog crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
The horse is being ridden by a man
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
Two men wearing bike helmets.
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
A man and two women are standing in a bright room by a table with candles
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
a member of a police force.
A dog with really long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote
The woman is dicing a carrot
The woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
A dog in the yard is running across colored coats
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
forcefully request
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
A snowboarder is jumping through the air
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover
incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.
A man is idling
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
The person is not slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
the act of explaining or defending something
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
the activity of protecting someone or something.
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
a business firm that publishes newspapers.
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
A herd of deer is stopping at the street
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
There is no bicyclist jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
There is no woman slicing meat with a knife
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
Three young girls are dancing in the room
The man is seasoning the sausages
The dog is catching a ball
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
Two dogs standing in snow.
The act of arranging elements together.
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
There is no dog which is furry and black in a back yard carrying a basket in its mouth.
The trumpet is being played by a man
Train going down the tracks.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
ponder, consider, observe carefully
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
A woman is leaning on a racing motorcycle
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.
A motorcyclist "pops a wheelie" in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality
Two dogs on the beach.
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.
Enclose in a protective covering.
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
remove tree stumps from.
A man is dancing on the ceiling
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize
a computer-generated visual image
limit, keep under control, deter, forbid
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow.
There is no football player in a purple jersey running with the ball for a touchdown
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
the event of gradually vanishing from view
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).
A brown and white cat is playing on the grass
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
The man is eating potato slices
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
Two poodles are in the snow and one is lying down
A plane flying near the sunset.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
A woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
The man is dancing
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
go to see for professional or business reasons.
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee.
have a strong sexual attraction to
An elderly man is sitting on a bench
Two birds interacting in the grass
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree.
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
A man is chopping down a tree with an axe
a sculpture representing a human or animal.
A person is slicing a potato
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
There is no seated woman singing a song and playing the guitar
pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).
A red, double-decker bus.
the reduction of something's value or worth.
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle
carry out or complete an activity
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
Somebody is boiling okra in a pot
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
The family is posing by a mantel and a Christmas tree
marriage offer
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
an electrical connection between conductor and earth
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
Two people are looking at a statue made of gold
(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
make or become more acute or intense
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
the act of spending or disbursing money.
(Cause to) be covered with something.
the act of contacting one thing with another.
Two dogs groom each other.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
A child with his hands on his head.
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
A man is slicing a potato
a side or surface of something
hand over or put in
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
A woman and a dog are peacefully sitting on a tree stump
(cause to) move around
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.
A girl, who is little, is playing a grand piano on stage
There is no black and white dog jumping for a ball
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'
produce buds, branches, or germinate.
A man is racing
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
Some horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping an obstacle
A small tree is being eaten by a baby elephant
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
A group of men is playing soccer on the beach
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
the act of pulling an object
A man skis on a snowy mountain.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
a state of pretending to be someone, something else
Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated, Mackey said in a statement.
A boy is jumping on the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
People ride up an escalator.
A man is playing a guitar under a windows
The woman is pouring oil into a skillet
A dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth
A woman is carefully pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
A grey silky dog is running in the grass and a brown dog looks on
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
A black dog walking through water.
A cat is playing with a watermelon
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow
A wooden flute is being played by a man
A man is bringing up the rear of the race
But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
The man is standing next to a bird cage
A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
A man is rinsing a large piece of meat
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
a state of order in which events conform to the law.
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion
dress in a certain manner.
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow
learn by repetition.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
A group of people is sitting on both sides of a red stone structure
The boys are standing in front of the burning car
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
A dog is running along the grass.
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
A person is standing near a motorcycle
There is no dog running on the beach
A brown dog runs near the water.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
A person is not stirring vegetables in a pot
The girl is watering the plants
throw quickly, flick
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
A baseball player throws the ball.
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
have faith or confidence in.
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
maintain, assert, or claim
to grow rapidly
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
And I really liked him, and I still do.
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
Two dogs running in the woods.
Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.
the rescue or release of someone, something
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs
social ranking or position
Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.
(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside a river
prevent the progress or free movement of.
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
A monkey is practicing martial arts
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs
A boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
No dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
The girl is applying makeup to her face
show the form or outline of.
A man practicing boxing
A small shirtless boy is sliding into a green tube
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
The bicyclist is riding on a city street
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking in rocky area
The dog in the dyed red vest is running in the field
accuse formally of a crime.
Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.
There is no man dancing
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.
A guy is mowing the lawn
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.
A man is shooting guns
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
A man is removing the garlic from some slices of bread
A woman is cracking eggs
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
a group of people living together in a camp.
Runners are racing down a track
A man is dropping the guitar
A guy is leaping into the air in a wooded area
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
clear mucus or food from one's throat.
the act of having and controlling property.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
A bride with a white dress is looking down
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her
make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
a relatively long narrow piece of something.
A man kite surfing creates a wave.
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
There is no girl with a black bag on a crowded train
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism
A shirtless woman is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
I'm very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
A person in a blue colored jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
something copied or derived from an original.
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around.
the physiological activation of an organism or organ
a citizen of ancient Troy
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
open again, open anew
secrete or form water
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way, he said.
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
The man is walking along a track through the wilderness
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables
A man is cutting a paper
A young occidental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
The man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike
Train gliding on tracks.
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element
Rugby is being played by some men
A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
a mental activity of construing or interpreting
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
A bottle is being licked by the cat
A dog is standing on the side of a mountain
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
The man is riding a horse
free (from restraint), let loose
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.
twice the quantity or amount of something
Brown dog running on grass.
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
hit a fly (baseball)
a visual characterization of something
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.
A brown dog is running in the snow
Two females jump off of swings.
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board.
A man is passionately playing a guitar
The dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
A man is spreading dough
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A tree is falling over a bridge made over the river which a dog is crossing
have a strong desire or urge to do something.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the court
(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.
A young climber is making a rock wall for the boys
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally.
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air
make a certain noise or sound.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
the popular taste at a given time.
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
the last (12th) month of the year.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
cause to be firmly attached.
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building
a feeling of aversion or antipathy.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
A brown and white dog is resting on the ground with a tennis ball in its mouth
the act of spending, disbursing funds
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at the camera
A little girl is smiling and running out of the house
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
the act of validating the authenticity of something
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
Horse standing in a field.
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.
A man is playing a guitar
A young girl is standing on one leg
A person is packing a zucchini
A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
There is no man playing soccer
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
Two puppies play in the grass
Put a harness on.
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building
the act of chipping something.
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
feel hot or painful, as if burning
A man is chopping a log with an axe
Nobody is sitting in the chairs and watching the ocean
A tan dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
Three kids are jumping in the leaves
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
a name given to a product or service.
depict or portray in art, words, or model
The American footballer is not wearing a red and white strip
the entering of a legal document into the public record.
The man in not playing the flute
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in the water
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
A man in a tux on a white horse.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
a region allocated to hold something
Four people are walking on a bridge over a river
A paper plate is being cut by a man
The cat is licking a bottle
A woman is jumping rope outside
be a factor or play a role in something
cause to throb or beat rapidly.
The woman is dicing garlic
keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something
A group of children is playing in the house and there is no man standing in the background
A small dog is chasing a large brown cow
The car is being driven by a man
A man and a woman are jumping on the curb
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
position or location change
People are sitting against a wall
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
A bee is taking off from a yellow flower
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.
interfere in someone else's activity.
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
A girl is playing a flute
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
Someone is not stirring chili in a kettle
room where work is done.
Four people row a canoe in water.
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
The white bird is landing swiftly in the water
A couple walking down the street.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.
a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
There is no girl playing the piano
the act of giving someone a job.
A man is being roped before a climb
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
turn on or around an axis or a center.
A person is putting away the mushrooms
A kid is playing the piano
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
the act of allowing, bestowing something
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a masonry pyramid
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
The bride and the groom are arriving after the wedding
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
A man and a woman are silent
A man in a cap is playing a harp
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
the extreme endpoint of something
travel or be transported in a vehicle.
Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
A man in a hat is pacing through a store
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
A man is playing a guitar that is acoustic
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
A dog walks through the snow.
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
A child is waking up
The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing arm floats
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a friend
A child walking in the snow.
A small dog runs through a grassy field.
A dog runs through the snow.
A woman is walking with a red bag.
a military fortification, stronghold
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
The guitar is being played by a lady
system of arrangement
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
pass through the esophagus
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
Black and white dog running through water.
A yellow boat on shore.
a state of being elevated or raised
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.
manner of handling, managing someone or something
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
The bearded man is sitting on a train
A woman is not talking on a telephone
A big dog and a small dog with a white coat are playing together
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at the front of the class
a discipline, a branch of knowledge
The dog is running through the dry sand
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
A black and white dog is playing with a frisbee in a brown field
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
decide upon or fix definitely.
There is no man squatting in brush and taking a photograph
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
A waterfall is flowing out of a shallow pool
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
behave in a condescending manner
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
There are no women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
emit a steady even light without flames.
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
Two dogs in a stream.
Small dog chews on a big stick.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness, Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
A small white dog running across a lawn.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
a large or extra supply of something.
Two white puppies are playing near a pool
the state of being rejected.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection
A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water
The man and woman are walking
Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide.
A man in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near a golden statue
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
meshed frame over windows and doors
become unfit for consumption or use.
A white plane on the runway.
Two dogs play in the snow.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
The man isn't lifting weights
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on the green grass
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.
Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman
A cyclist is performing a jump on a bicycle
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
A basketball player is on the court floor and another one is grabbing the ball
The fur of a cat is being combed by a person
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
A man is diving off a rock
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
lowest employee salary permitted by law
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.
The skillet is being oiled by a woman who is pouring some water
the act of taking something that is offered.
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
terminate an association with.
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
A little girl is looking at a woman in costume
A man is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
A young boy plays in the water fountain.
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket
a party of people assembled for dancing.
The woman is not chopping garlic
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
A woman is placing food in a pot of cold water
protect or fight for as a champion.
One white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
The man is typing on a machine used for stenography
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
A player is running with the ball
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
A man is boiling noodles in water
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
A boy is tapping his fingernails
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass.
A lemur is hanging on a cord
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
A computer on a desk.
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope
A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics.
Incline or bend; changle configuration.
the last section of a communication.
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
The boy is wading through the blue ocean
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
the rotating motion of an object
A woman is playing with a brown dog in a garden
A girl playing on a parachute.
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
Three women are sitting in a village
A black dog with a red collar is putting its face in the water
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on the man
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
The man is cleaning the drawing on the board
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
Two dogs are running quickly through the park
the alleviation of distress
stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
A dog catching a ball.
make fit for a specific purpose
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
Three little children are sitting in the grass.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.
orient, be positioned
A woman is cutting a vegetable
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
go one's own way; move apart.
Two dogs play in a field.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.
Train pulling into a station.
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
The child has a necklace on and is in the water.
apply a plaster cast to.
the uppermost area of region of something
The man is setting up the camera and taking sunset pictures at the beach
A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
a visual representation of something.
shine intensely, as if with heat.
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
Two kids are taking out a green colored crocodile float from a swimming pool
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.
to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.
carry, as on one's back.
room where work or repairs are done
A man is playing baseball.
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
the act of perceiving the odor of something.
A man is walking slowly across a bridge made of rope
a boxing or wrestling match.
A dog is catching a ball
A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
Some young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing
It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.3.600	In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.2.800	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.3.000	The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.4.600	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain
[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
The child is silent
The person is peeling an onion
A lady is cutting up some meat
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger
A woman is playing the flute
be against, resist
A small white cat standing in a sink.
A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is cornering a barrel
A man is standing on a train and resting his hand on his lap
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air
two woman looking into a glass case.
There is no woman peeling a potato
Create an electrical short in something.
the act of forming or establishing something.
a work area for manufacturing or repair work
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping
matter that remains after something has been removed.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
the force by which one object attracts another.
The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop
Three bottles are on a table.
A dog and a black man are running through brown leaves
A woman is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
give interlinear explanations or citations for text
The men are playing soccer
A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with bare hands
A child in a red outfit is dangerously jumping on a trampoline
The woman and the man are travelling by automobile
the political head of city government
the act of directing attention, resources to something
changing one thing for another
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table
The basketball player holds the ball.
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on the field, which is completely green
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.
function in a particular manner when moving
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy
A yellow flower is being clung to by a bee
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions
take vows, as in religious order.
The girl is sitting on the sofa and crocheting
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.
A man is mixing vegetables in a pot
be relevant or pertinent
the state of being controlled or governed.
raise from a lower to a higher position.
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
A dog is leaping through the grass.
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
The band isn't singing
partake in a feast or banquet.
A person is performing a card trick
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it's tongue hanging out.
a dog runs through the water.
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
Kids play in the water
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman that is who along a road
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward
A man is jumping a wall
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
take up someone's soul into heaven.
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
A black and white dog is running through grass.
Red double decker bus on side of street.
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
a man and a woman posing for a picture
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
A person is slicing a piece of bread
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
A dog is opening a can of food
A few animals are out of the water
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
create a mess or disorder
A man is cutting the tape on the box
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
A woman is parking a Seadoo
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
A man is slicing a red tomato
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves.
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
A person with a green shirt is jumping onto the grass
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer
(finally) do something or be somewhere
A cat is playing with a small bottle
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint
A white car is being driven by the man
The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
A girl is exercising
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
The food on the trays isn't being eaten by the kittens
Two dogs playing on grass.
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
Some green boots in a puddle full of mud are targeted by a playful young child wearing a scarf
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph.
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.
a brief attempt at some endeavor
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
A woman is cutting some plants
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
12th month of the calendar year
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks
A young child holds a spoon to it's mouth while sitting in a chair.
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
rein in a horse to lose a race
The man is erasing the other man's work from the board
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal
Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
five people standing on a sidewalk
the intended meaning of a communication.
make tight or tighter.
Domestic cat looking out window.
A group of men play rugby.
A band is playing onstage
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.
A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book
A person is not doing a trick on a slide
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
A dog in the snow.
The young girl blows a huge bubble.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
A man and a woman are not eating
A man with a hard hat is dancing
Cut into, possibly creating something new.
A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.
There is no man cutting onions
A person is playing a piano
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
Two people are riding motorbikes
A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.
There is no man singing and playing a guitar
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.
(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.
Two girls are sitting on the ground
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
A man is singing and playing a musical instrument
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
move as if through a sieve.
A man is diving into a pool
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed
A young child is walking with a bike on a rough dirt path
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is pitifully begging for money
Some cheerleaders are relaxing
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
A man is cutting a cord with a sword
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.
A Seadoo is being ridden by a woman
A black dog is playing with a brown dog on the sand
The men are placing suitcases in the trunk of a car
A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.
A woman is slicing a potato
A man is recklessly riding a horse
A black girl with no bikini is wearing a hat at the beach
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is not pulling up
A man is driving a vehicle
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
The dog is licking a bottle
make impure.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
A man is planting a tree
A dog is running on the sea shore
There is no girl applying makeup to her face
She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
A plane flying at a distance.
sheep standing in afield.
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
There is no man pouring cleaner into the sink
A tan skinned kid is looking at the camera
The child is playing with toys indoors
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of few people
the state of being in effect or being operative.
An animal is resting
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
A dog is rolling on the ground
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring through the bike frame
A man is tying the shoe
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
A football game is being watched by the crowd
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A person is frying food in a pan
There is no parrot speaking
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
Video games of two playing boys are on a couch
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
A dog is running alongside a fence on a dirt track
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine
a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers
the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
A brown dog walks in the grass with it's tongue hanging out.
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
Gray cat looking out the window.
the act of putting something somewhere.
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a field
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
a person who is aggressively pursued, chased
write all the required information
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.
There is no seabird flying over some rocks
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
heat metal prior to working it
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
There is no man wiping the edge of a bowl
A woman is riding an animal
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
A man is drawing on a board
give equal rights to; of women and minorities.
Some cheers are being performed by the girl in the blue and white uniform
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud bangs
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
A young couple is sleeping in bed
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
There is no man playing a game on the grass
something considered trite but amusing
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
A person is climbing a snowy mountain.
A person is riding a bike
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.
A potato is being sliced by the man
thin metal strips used in typesetting
make more complex or intricate
indicate a decision in regard to.
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
A dog runs through sand.
the act of choosing among alternatives
There is no guy mowing the lawn
A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
The elderly lady is not waiting on the sidewalk
A shirtless man is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.
The woman is holding a whole tomato
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
The man is cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
A lady is being kissed by a man
A man climbing a rock-face.
be in direct physical contact with
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
recite as a chant, intone
An onion is being sliced by a woman
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
cross on foot.
the act of removing or getting rid of something.
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
Nobody is fighting in a cow pasture
deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
A blond kid in green is sitting on a swing
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.
A tan dog runs through the snow.
There is no woman slicing potatoes
The person on the motorcycle is holding up an arm
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.
A dog in a colored coat is running swiftly across the yard
(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
fluctuate, move back and forth
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
People are walking inside a building that has many murals on it
Several people are sitting at small tables in a light room
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
break down, literally or metaphorically.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
There is no man reading an email
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees
An onion is being chopped
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
 cause or permit to fall to the ground
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn
A potato is being peeled by a woman
The man is absently eating a banana by a tree
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
A topless woman is being covered in mud
A man and a woman are not driving down the street in a jeep
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
A black cat and a small white and black cat are looking up at a kitchen countertop
A small boy in a green shirt is striping a sliding tube
the act of suction
Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
The dog is not catching a blue ball
A woman is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
A man is speaking on a podium
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
A man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
to collect, acquire or gather
Someone is holding a small animal
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
Two brown dogs are leaving a frisbee in the water
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
A golden dog is running on the grass.
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
hurt, feel physical pain
The piece of paper is not being cut
Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach
the act of clipping or snipping.
a vertical array of numbers or other information.
lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other
carry a burden, real or metaphorical
A woman is cutting a lemon
The bearded man is not sitting on a train
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a ball
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow
A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp.
No dog is emerging from a lake
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.
Two angels are making snow on the lying children
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road beside the water
rounded end of a bone
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
A person, who is riding a bike, is wearing gear which is black
A black helmet is being worn by a man who is pushing a bicycle
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
the time yet to come.
the act of coming to land after a voyage.
A brown horse in a green field.
an approximate attribute or quality of something
There is no man mixing
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
Black and white dog running outside.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Take away a vital or essential part of          something.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with a spoon
A man is jumping into an empty pool
One bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
A bird flies above the water.
A person is chopping down a tree with an axe
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.
A woman is not slicing carrots
A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
indicate, be signs or symptoms of
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
The woman is pouring oil into the pan
possibility for the future
The badger is burrowing a hole
a disease of the heart.
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
hold in a tight grasp.
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
A brown dog in a field.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of the mountains
A black man is running in brown grass and racing a dog
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
the verbal act of offering.
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass.
the act of adding one thing to another.
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
Cause to move forward with force.
A pianist is playing the keyboard
fix to; attach.
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.
Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
A boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching
the place within which an authority has power
A man is harping on about a play
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
Four people are sitting on a bridge over a body of water
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
the act of making or enacting laws.
A dog which is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.
A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
two tan dogs play in the grass
A man is playing with a water toy in the water
A tattooed man is on a sofa and is holding a pencil
Two children are playing
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and smiling
act or do something in reaction to something
a group of sheep or goats.
A woman is washing her feet
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
A motorcycle is being ridden by a man
a boundary area or edge of something
the act of damaging something, causing breakage
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
be affected with smut or mildew
A man dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
A tomato is being sliced by a woman
A group of cars parked on a hill
Two children are climbing a tree
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
A group of people are in the water.
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
set or ask for a certain price.
the actors in a play.
A brown dog and a red dog are frolicking on the beach
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
The people are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant
A yellow dog is drinking water from the faucet
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
A camera is being hammered onto the nail by the man
be a reason, cause, or justification of
evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
A bee is clinging to a yellow flower
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
a committee appointed to judge a competition.
The man isn't intensely playing the guitar
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
There is no milk being drunk by a cat
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
combine so as to form a whole; mix.
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
a group of nations having common interests.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
A colored toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass
Two black puppies are playing near a pool
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.
Some people are playing cricket
There is no woman slicing a carrot
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on top of a circular fountain
People are riding two camels at the beach
A person is standing on a mountain top
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.
read or conform to the metrical pattern of
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the rollerblades
The woman is happily playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
An old man with a grey beard is not riding a bike
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).
overcome with amazement.
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
A man is holding a frog
A person is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
A man is doing a trick on a bike
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating
One panda is climbing
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
The woman is not putting makeup on the man
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day
A dog splashing in the water.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is stopping
A dog is running through the white snow
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
The monkey is brushing the dog
attract; cause to be enamored.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
There is no girl in pink twirling a ribbon
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
The man is not riding a horse by a creek
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in the distance
an obligation to pay or do something.
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
start suddenly, as if from fright
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view
The bike is being ridden by a girl in a strange outfit
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
No young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.
A dog running on the beach
A big green ball is knocking a potato
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photograph
There is no man wearing a shirt dyed black, sitting at the table and laughing
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
Two children in a field of red flowers.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.
A brown dog is running on a rock.
The ball is being dunked by a man with a jersey at a basketball game
There is no cat playing with a device
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
give out, allow to have
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
a man dressed in a batman costume.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
A guy is riding a horse
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
a small, indefinite portion of something
A white Jeep parked on a street.
A person is reading the email
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
move back and forth
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
an approximated amount of something
a statement, an idea expressed in language
the public submission of a legal record
A group of children in a church basement is playing guitars and tambourines
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on
make sense of; assign a meaning to.
The man is not climbing up a rope
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
Someone is cleaning an animal
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
A dead bird is near a black man sitting on a tree
a continuous horizontal layer of brick
Two kids are doing martial arts on a blue mat
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
to wind or move in a spiral course.
Two boy are playing on a trampoline
a soft pad placed under a saddle.
We are aware of the situation, said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
the quality of dissimilarity
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
the black dog carries an object in the snow.
obtain data from magnetic tapes.
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.
The horse is being ridden by the girl
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
A man is seeking a sign and is holding some money
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
A father is pushing his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is watching
incline from a vertical position
The woman is cracking two eggs into a bowl made of glass
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket
The rhino is grazing on the grass
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
An electronic storage device.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
a demanding or stimulating situation.
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
strike the air in flight.
The small girl is riding in the toy car
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
There is no woman slicing a potato
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
The dog is in the air above the grass.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
A gray bird is flying over the water.
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
The black llama is curiously looking at the white dogs
Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night.
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
There is no dog with a blue blanket running through the grass
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
A man is wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street
talk in a tearful manner.
The dog plays in the park.
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong
enter a realm, become involved with
A homeless man is putting down a sign and refusing some charity
People are walking
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
The elderly person is waiting a lady on the sidewalk
A man is being hit by a kid with a weapon
A man is standing beside a birdcage which is large and colorful
A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
A girl has colored patches on the cheeks
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
A tiger is pacing around a cage
The young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
A man is walking along a track through a wilderness
cause to be in a state or location
Some dogs are playing in a stream
take up or begin anew.
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
add cream to one's coffee, for example.
The young boys are not posing with a green soccer ball in a park
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
Two young women are not sparring in a kickboxing fight
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter toy
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
the act of colliding with something.
A dog which is furry and black is in a back yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth
(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside
(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound
A cat is stuck on a moving ceiling fan
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
The young girl with a pink shirt is peacefully lying on the grass
The girl is standing on the couch and crocheting
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a blue ball
remove from a place or from office
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
There is no snowboarder doing a flip over a mound of snow
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
Several people are not walking in line across a bridge
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
The violin is being played by a little girl on a beach
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
The person is playing with a skull
protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
do over, make new
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army
Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.
move or execute very quickly or hastily
The woman is playing an electric guitar
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
A woman is cutting some flowers
Black bird standing on concrete.
Nobody is treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
Two people are riding a bike
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the beach
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
A woman is not slicing a cucumber
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and holding a pencil
Give suck to; receive suck.
the context or setting in which something takes place
A woman runs on the beach.
(cause to) become even or level
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool
A man is petting two dogs
A girl wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
A guy is not riding a horse
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
People in costumes are sitting in the street
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
Admit to testing/proof
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
A baby is playing a guitar
A man and a woman are shaking hands
provide a feast or banquet for.
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea.
A brown dog is running through a snowy trail
make clear and (more) comprehensible.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
use up (resources or materials).
A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, looks surprised
Two women are not dancing
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.
the opening page of a web site.
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
There is no man playing a violin
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
A large dog and a small dog is standing on the kitchen counter and investigate
There is no child holding a squirt gun
A kid is cutting grass with scissors
Some women are dancing
The woman is holding a white jacket and a red glass in front of the man wearing a t-shirt
A man is dancing on the road
A man is typing on a machine used for stenography
A white dog walking in the snow.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
conscious subjective emotion or desire
There is no man speaking
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
the termination of a meeting.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
Draw advantages from; take advantage.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
Man and child skiing.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
administer or bestow, as portions
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts
Two women are dancing
Three dogs run through a field.
Five children are standing in a wooden hut
A person is singing and playing the guitar
increase in amount, extent, or intensity
the act of clipping, cutting
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
A woman is cutting a fish
The brown dog is running in the snow
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, says one banker.
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
the act of changing one thing for another thing.
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
the state of being retained
opening shot in billiards or pool
A brown dog running through the woods.
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
the nature, makeup or constitution of something
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
A man is playing soccer
A blond girl is riding the waves
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A woman is putting away a potato
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument
A man is praying fervently
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
the state of being active.
intuitions, a hunch or feeling
Three boys are jumping in the leaves
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
A man in a hat is walking through a store
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
A boy and a dog running on grass
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.
There is no person playing a piano
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on table
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino
value a thing or course of action more highly than another
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
highly infectious viral disease
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
Two dogs standing in a lake.
A man and a woman are smiling.
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
Small boat going down a creek.
The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
A black dog is playing in the snow.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
The man is not playing a guitar
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
A man is playing a small flute
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
to distribute systematically or strategically.
A close-up of a black train engine.
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
the set of elements common to two or more sets.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
A dog leaps over a fence.
Some food is being eaten by a man
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
There is no man eating some food
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees, says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water
the introductory section of a story.
A person is surfing a big wave.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
a negative or undesirable aspect of something
A black bike rider in a red bike uniform is standing in the dirt
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
put heels on a shoe
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition
A blond girl waves while she is riding
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).
The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
become or make oneself fresh again.
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A woman is slicing a carrot
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.
burn slightly to affect color
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
A man is dancing in the rain
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
A dalmation is running along the beach.
A white dog runs on a beach.
A child in water.
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.
A healthy looking dog is lying on the ground
The people are standing at a carnival
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
Two people diving into a body of water.
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly
A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
the front face of a building
the act of escaping, fleeing
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.
A collie running through the snow.
A man is carelessly dropping a frog
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
Someone is slicing a tomato
A person is eating at a table
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
The two dogs are running on the grass.
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
Some children are playing on a playground
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
Cars driving near a model building.
A journey for some purpose.
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
Two animals sitting on a rock.
The black dog is running through the snow.
A baby is crawling happily
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
A woman is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
A woman leading a white horse.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
Two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.
restate (words) from one language into another language.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
There is no man in a hat playing a harp
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
A black and white dog runs through the water.
move about in a confused manner.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on a park porch
A woman is sleeping
The young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm
A bearded man is sitting by a shopping cart and is dropping a cardboard sign
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
A concentrated woman is playing flute
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history, Bush said.
remove from memory or existence.
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
become the owner or posessor of something
cause to be interested
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
Some liquid is being poured into a pan by a man
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
a judgement or opinion about something
The brown horse is very near a red barrel at the rodeo
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.
give a specific interpretation to
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near the children and one is kissing the gate
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
advance or set forward in court
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A lone biker is jumping in the air
A man is making music with a flute
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
The act of copying the actions of someone else.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water
a casual, brief meeting with someone
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.
Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
A skier in white is catching a tiny bit of air
Somebody is playing the piano
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Two baby pandas are sleeping
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
The man is not seasoning the sausages
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
There is no chef preparing a meal
A man on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
A boy at the bottom of a hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees
One person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
the large room of a manor or castle.
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike along a roadway
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
The two black dogs are running through the grass.
The person in the blue jacket is putting down a colorful helmet
A dog runs through a very wooded area.
The Jockeys are riding horses on the field, which is completely green
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
A motorcyclist on a bike is leaning into a sharp corner
The large brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt
A kid is speeding down a steep slide
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
A father is pulling his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is looking away
A woman with her child.
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
learn by reading books.
a problem.
A dog is playing in the deep snow.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors
the act of annoying someone or something
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
the act of disturbing the mind or body.
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
There is no man thinking
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
take in marriage.
Three children are running down a hillside covered by grass
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the hand
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
A young woman dressed in black.
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
Two animals are running through the park
react to a stimulus or command.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
A woman is peeling a potato
A young child is lying down on a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
Frank Quattrone is innocent, Keker said in a statement.
A very retro living room with a television in it.
The man is riding a horse by a creek
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
A woman is carefully deboning a fish
The woman is picking up the kangaroo
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
the act of fastening things together.
behave in a certain manner.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on the sandy beach
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
A lion is slowly walking
A brown and black dog is running through the leaves
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass
a person who is a member of a partnership.
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.
The man is playing an acoustic guitar
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.
A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
put an end to.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
process or manner of functioning or operating.
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
A man on a green car is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy beach
suffer failure, as in some enterprise.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
alphanumeric sequence used for identification
Close up of a bottle of water.
soldier who is a member of a special forces group
I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers, said McKechnie.
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.
A group of people is near the ocean
Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this.
use resources or materials
reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.
communicate with a hiss
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground.
The brown horse is far from a red barrel at the rodeo
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
A clown is singing
have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper
Two dogs in snow.
A man juggles at the beach.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
be or play a part of or in.
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
Little girl jumping in water puddle
A man is drawing
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
a physical difficulty or obstacle
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).
A woman is watching the lake
the act of losing someone or something.
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
A man with a jersey is dunking the ball at a basketball game
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.
glare or strike with intensity
become or cause to become obstructed.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning
A man in a purple colored suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.
A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
estimate the value of.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
The person is trotting on the horse
a bird lands in the water.
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
The dog with the brown coat is playing outdoors
The hairy man is sitting on a train
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
There is no woman firing a rifle
(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
A person with a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
There is no cat playing with a watermelon
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.
coating used as a repellant to moisture
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the right
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
A dog running fast in the sand.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
provide with a toggle
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
Two dogs running through sand.
A frog is being handled by the woman
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with a brush
Two people are wading through the water
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half.
A girl is running on a desert path.
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass
A dog is sleeping on a beach covered by snow
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is jumping down off a dirt bike
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).
Sail boat sailing on the water.
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
a caress with the lips
A man is buttering a slice of bread
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
There is no man eating a pizza
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
A woman is arranging her hair
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
There is no man peeling an onion
A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a shop
A cartoon airplane is landing
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
the event of something burning (often destructive).
Some pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
Two men are standing in deep water
A tennis player in mid game is holding a racquet
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
The priest is walking down the aisle to marry a couple
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
A small kid is playing with a green toy dog on the grass
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
Two dogs playing together on the grass.
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
an onerous worry or concern
the act of creating an artistic work
Different teams are resting on a field
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
There is no woman cutting an onion
Two men are standing in the ocean
to say, state, or perform again.
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
take or capture by force or authority
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
A boy is walking across a bridge
The motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
A motorcyclist without a helmet is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road
an indication or manifestation of something, often physical
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
assign to a specific task.
assign a new time and place for an event.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
incite some act of insubordination
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
Two bull dogs playing on the floor.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a rain puddle
the act of granting rights.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are outside
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the park beside the road
A blonde boy in green is sitting on a swing
A man is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
Boy laying on couch with dog.
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop
cause to be perplexed or confounded.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
cause to grow thin or weak.
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
A girl is tapping her fingernails
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping on a masonry pyramid
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of the brown chair onto the floor
A group of children is playing tambourines
A boy is blowing bubbles
A man is pouring a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
There is no woman slicing an onion
Two men are racing in the water.
A man's face is being painted by a woman
Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
A man is carefully climbing a rope
A man is playing the flute
The woman is adding sugar to the meat
A person is holding a frog
The black dog is sprinting through the grass
A pizza is being eaten by a man
People riding horses in a fenced area.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
get rid of.
make thick or thicker.
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.
A dog digging in the sand.
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
Two airplanes in the sky.
A group of people are marching
A tiger is walking around with no aim
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.
A white dog is running through a snowy trail
A group of people are not standing around a sound mixing table
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near a brown dog
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water
sniff or smell inquiringly.
A man is slicing a bun
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
the speech act of making something evident.
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware
The tan dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
a concentrated example of something.
A child and two dogs play in the water.
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
Man sleeping on the street.
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
A lemur is eating
put into or keep in a stall
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another person
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
a list of items to be consulted and marked off
A woman who is wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle down a bridge built for pedestrians
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
hit a fly.
Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street
Birds fly low over water.
Two men are fighting
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
utter words loudly and forcefully.
Nobody is cooking okra in a pan
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
a man and woman walking past a record shop
provide with rails.
render one language in another language
A large black dog runs along the green grass.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.
The woman is looking at the view of a city
There is no cat eating corn on the cob
a mold for setting concrete.
The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
Black train on train tracks.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area behind a tree
Two trains are traveling on the track.
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
A little black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people is following her
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
Someone is making a hole in a strip of wood with a drill
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into a bowl
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
Rollerbladers are running in formation down a hill
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her
A woman is cracking some eggs into a container
A magic trick is being performed by the magician
Move oneself very fast.
The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
travel across or pass over.
A train is at a train station.
A woman is not slicing garlic
He hasn't got much choice, said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
a change which is a decrease
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
Three dogs running in the dirt.
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.
The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
A person is playing a keyboard
Three enemies are making faces for the camera
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
A woman is putting make-up on
A woman is washing a big pepper
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
Different football players are teaming on a field
act of becoming distant, moving away from
the quality of not being useful or convenient.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
There is no butter being added to the stand mixer
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle
perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
Two children are playing flag football together.
loss of ability to function normally.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the beach which is sandy
Three no votes would kill it for now.
A man is singing a song and playing the guitar
A schoolgirl with a black bag is on a crowded train
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
A child pushes another child on a swing.
the translation of an opus from one language to another
A white dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
A bike jumps through the air.
The men are putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
A deer is jumping over a fence
Two women are competing in a tire rolling race
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
A tennis player hitting the ball.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
Two dogs running down a beach.
A person is combing the fur of a cat
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
A woman is coating a pork chop
A baby rhino is walking around a pen with its mother
The people are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat
The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
A man is cutting a potato into pieces
Someone is scratching the back of an animal
go after with the intent to catch.
the state of being depleted.
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
A man on a motorcycle is not riding on one wheel
Two dogs are being petted by a man
A man in a elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers
A black dog is running through some water.
A big brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning
A boy is whacking a man with a sword
make a dry crackling sound.
the hard upper part of the human nose
People are clustered around a bonfire at night
Two dogs play in the snow
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for a camera
the act of governing, administrating
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.
A rabbit is playing with a stuffed bunny
A cute panda is lying down
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
The man is riding a horse by a stream
A woman is putting on lipstick
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
an upward slope or incline
The black dog is running through the grass.
A big dog and a small white dog are playing together
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
Two people are kissing near a crowd
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
The brown dog is not playing outdoors
Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
the act of becoming more distant.
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
A young man is talking to a leaf
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.
The man in a t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall
A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
move in a spiral or zigzag course.
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness
advance warning or notification of something
class of students taught together
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow jersey and is defending the goal
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
There is no man in a pose being watched by another man
A girl is not playing the guitar
There is no person riding a bike
A woman is not boiling shrimps
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.
There is no man playing flute
The man is being knocked off of a horse
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits
The panda bear is not lying on the logs
Some men are running a race
run or move very quickly or hastily.
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
A baby elephant is not eating a small tree
There is no man on a rock high above some trees standing in a strange position
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
Several people are walking in line across a bridge
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by a horse
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
A group of football players running down the field.
walk as if unable to control one's movements.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
A shoe is being tied by a man
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
hurl as if with a sling.
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.
Three goats are chased by a dog.
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
The man is aiming a gun
Two men are racing in a tire rolling competition
point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.
Three dogs run in the snow.
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
Three friends are making faces for a photo
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
A woman is staging a dance
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of a bowl by a woman
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
A race horse galloping without a rider.
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
The band is singing 
The boy is checking a calendar
the state of being excluded.
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.
make colder, or icy, using ice
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
A sheep standing in a forest.
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
A man is idling on the floor
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
creating a picture with paints.
A person is diving into clear blue water.
The woman is not handling a frog
There is no clown singing
A woman is shooting at target practice
Two cats are playfully fighting each other
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
the physical position of something.
put up with something or someone (unpleasant)
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
A dog is playing alone on a beach covered by snow
Two brown dogs are playing with the frisbee in the water
There is no dog turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.
cause to appear in a new form.
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
A bird soars with wings spread.
A lady is putting on makeup
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
fail to attend to.
One man is turning off the microwave
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man
the act of changing one thing or position for another.
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
A snowboarding man is jumping through the air
the act of raising something.
A black person is running along a white stand and a dog barks behind him
The person is doing a handstand on the beach.
something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.
burst into flames (telic)
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
An animal is barking at a ball
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
Black and brown table in living room setting.
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face
The man is playing the instrument
Many people run in a race on a street.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
characteristic call of an animal
Three dogs are resting on a sidewalk
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
A grey house with a red door.
the act of pressing together firmly
A dog runs in the snow.
Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
A person is not frying meat in a pan
Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
a section of a composition, textual or musical
A man is shooting a weapon
Three dogs are in the snow.
People sitting on acouch.
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
Envelop completely; form a cover over.
a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game.
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.
the visual appearance of something or someone.
A child playing in water.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
Children are playing in a fountain that is spraying water from the ground
feel hot or painful.
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
Two men are holding fishing poles
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on a rail
A man is singing and walking down the road
the consequence or aftermath of something
A lean dog runs through green grass.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
have a disagreement or quarrel over something
There is no tiger cub making a sound
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on the beach
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
The men are fist fighting in a ring
The woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
There is no man writing a note near a bike
Four dogs are not playing in a grassy area
the people who dwell in a camp
A person is removing the butter from a tray
Intend something to move toward a certain goal
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
A child is talking
A woman taking her own photo from above.
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
The girl, who is little, is swinging and the woman is standing behind
The white dog runs across the snow.
The woman is not slicing an onion
There is no woman putting a child in a waste bin
A black and white dog is running through the field.
move or change one's own position or quality
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
A cat with a white coat, perched on a small wooden cabinet, is looking outside the window
A girl is on a jumping car
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
The person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
the greatest possible degree of something.
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.
(cause to) fall in drops
A cute panda is not lying down
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
make a causal or logical connection; group together
organize (the production of something) into an industry.
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
Some instruments are being played by a band
A dog is jumping high into the air in the country
The military officer is barking at the recruits
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech
stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
A girl is awakening
A child, who is young, is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
Several people are sitting at little tables in a darkened room
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a close target
activity of selling
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
A close-up of a brown horse.
A young girl riding a brown horse.
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
the act of concealing or disguising
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching a tennis ball
A family is purchasing something at the vending machine
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
A boy looking at a computer screen.
Some children are jumping on a trampoline
The group of people is not sitting on the ground outside a monument
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
physically inflate
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.
A child going down an inflatable slide.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
There is no man holding a sign and seeking money
Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.
the armed forces
protect with or as if with a shield
the action of placing or situating an object
A boy on a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and a hat and has knees which are covered in snow
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
Guitar is being played by two men
A tiger cub is making a sound
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
People are walking outside a building that has many murals on it
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
There is no baby being put into a trash can by a woman
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating the route
Three Asian kids are dancing and a man is looking
There is no man speaking on a podium
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.
A black and white dog running between poles.
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
A motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a white motorcycle
A man is singing and playing the guitar
The men are in the suitcases that are being packed in the trunk of a car
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.
Japanese school girls walk down the street.
An area that is central within some larger region.
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a dog with a brown coat in the grass
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
A basketball player is scoring a basket.
take into one's family.
A young woman is shaking hands with a man
Three greyhounds racing on a track
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
A little black dog is running on the snow.
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves
The guitar is being played by a man
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.
do something considered below one's diginty
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
Two cats are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
A golden dog plays in the snow
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on table
A man is standing on a black jeep on a dirt hill
lumber used in the construction of something.
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
Two young children are on sand.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
advance or set forth in court.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
the act of pulling a load
maintain with or as if with a bet.
I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California, Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
People riding something in the snow.
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a half pipe
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
The boy isn't playing the piano happily
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
A passenger train in the snow.
A person is playing the keyboard
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
Two men are not fighting
The man is not feeding the snake with a mouse
a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
a particular environment or walk of life.
refrain from doing something.
Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
A dog sniffs a tree stump.
The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
sink to a lower level or form a depression.
Part, cease, or break association with (something).
A little girl is playing the violin on a beach
a black dog digging through the snow.
Two white cows in a green pasture.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
A man is tearing up the pictures of a lake
Two young girls are sitting on the ground
A dog is running with a volleyball
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving a toy
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
The fish are immobile
Eggs are being boiled by a woman
(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged
A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
study intensively as if preparing for a test
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a male cheerleader
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
give certain properties to something.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is walking on the tennis court
settlement of people distant from their homeland
There is no person riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
There is no man doing back flips on a trampoline
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely
A person is riding an old motorcycle
act of constructing
the concluding section of a communication
A man is getting off the motorcycle
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
A boy is sitting in a room and playing a piano by lamp light
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket.
bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
the general condition of body and mind.
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
A black dog is running in the snow
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
A woman, who is old, is near a dog that has a white coat
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
There is no man doing a card trick
Some men are sawing
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses
Two white cats are playing with a brown dog and a ball
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
A man in a purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has a man looking at a dog doing a funny face painted on it.
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
the act of choosing or selecting.
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass
a straight length of road or racetrack
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.
cause to regain consciousness.
cause to move round and round.
A father is launching the daughter in a swimming pool
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
Fool or hoax (someone).
snatching or capturing a freely moving object
The herd of caribous is crossing a road
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
An ice skater is outdoors performing on a rink full of people
There is no man eating food
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
emphasize; draw attention to; underline
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
make impure; make radioactive
the act of flipping an object into the air
The person isn't slicing a vegetable
A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face
The group of dim people is sitting in a room
the act of stopping something.
A man is ignoring a girl via an internet camera
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
There is no dog walking along a snowdrift
move into and stay in a particular position
mock or make fun of playfully.
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
Two people are looking at a gold statue
There is no man slicing some bread
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium
to ignite or catch on fire
Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.
Two dogs playing on the beach.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
Two pandas are not lying together
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
The woman is not putting pasta into a dish
A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling
feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.
A boy in a red shirt is behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
A group of people playing football is running in the field
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
time during which some action is awaited.
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme
The man is playing a game on a lawn
The man in the purple hat isn't operating a camera that makes videos
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
One young lady is jumping on the car
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
Kids playing tag football.
make even or more even.
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in the garden
There is no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
The men are not packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
There is no woman cutting onions
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
forked form or shape
A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
The surfer is riding a small wave
A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore
A cat is playing a keyboard
A woman on a rock is standing and looking around
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
Two children go sledding.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
There is no woman riding a horse
Some people are sitting on the ground outside a monument
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
A few children are jumping on a trampoline
An Asian woman in a crowd is not carrying a black bag
cause a sharp or stinging pain to
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is not walking near a rocky wall
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
A man is climbing up a rope
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
A small child is showing boredom on a swing set at the park
Some racers are running down a track
provide lodging for
the act of swallowing liquid
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
A man is riding a dirty horse on a blue road
The person is standing on white ice
There is no little boy wearing a green soccer strip and running on the grass
train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
move, transfer or carry something or someone
Two poodles are running through the snow.
The person is riding a motorbike on a sandy track
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
determine the essential quality of.
engrave by means of dots and flicks.
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
The parrot is talking into the microphone
maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity
A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
The woman is not slicing herbs
A small white dog is jumping up in the snow
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
A person is singing and playing a guitar
There is no girl in white dancing
A piano is being played by a person
Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.
The writing is about a person penciling
Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose upwards
The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person stands behind it
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.
The woman is not cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
remove a constituent from a liquid.
A person is being kicked by a monkey
There is no man in a suit standing at a microphone and singing
There is no woman dancing and singing in the rain
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
People are looking at some costumes gathered in the vicinity of the forest
two dogs running in the snow
A boy is sitting in a seat
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
A man is rowing a canoe
open again or anew.
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.
make or become thick
A group of women is playing with a ball on the beach
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
Nobody is fist fighting in a ring
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from the air
A woman is slicing meat with a knife
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
There is no rope being climbed by a man
A man is playing an instrument
A woman is cutting an octopus
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
A dog is sleeping on the ground
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
Women are sawing logs
create an image or likeness of.
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A person playing football is running past an official carrying a football
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in a puddle full of mud
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
separate with or as if with an instrument.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
A person is holding a skunk
make or become longer
A cow is eating grass
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
Brown dog running on the beach.
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
A black dog with a red collar is amusedly putting its face in the water
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
The young boy is not running through the ocean waves
The woman is removing make-up
A dog is dropping a can
bind somebody or become bound emotionally
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
The play is about a happy boy playing the piano
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
the act of giving a speech
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.
A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
A man is playing a bamboo flute
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
A tan dog is running through the snow
A black dog is running in the grass.
The cat is licking a shallow dish full of milk
Seasoning is being added to the water by the man
Two people wearing helmets are driving over the yellow and white flowers
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
A great dog is wildly climbing a steep hill
A hamster is singing
A man and woman blow bubbles.
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
There is no man fishing in the river
A guitar is being played by a woman
An onion is being sliced by a man
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp
A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
have faith in, bet on
A person is brushing a cat
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into a pond
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
A person with a back pack, who is topless, is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and the sun is setting
The person is not going into the water
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
A brown and white dog running on grass.
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field
have a monopoly of; control fully
Someone is stirring noodles in the water
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
become distinct and acquire a different character.
The man is talking on the phone
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a saddle
The snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.
The cat isn't playing with a watermelon
The dogs are running through the water
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is standing on a dirt bike
Two young girl are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
The man dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers
make a tour of a certain place.
A woman is skillfully playing a flute
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider
A young man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
A man is mixing the content of a bowl
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at the sky
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention
A moped in front of ruins.
the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment
(Cause to) become widely distributed.
a momentary brightness.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
create an edge or border
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women
turning or twisting around (in place).
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
A man is catching a fish
A man is playing the drum
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
write all the required information onto a form.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.
A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.
The black dog is climbing on a rock
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
A woman is showing a dog with very short hair at a dog show
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
The woman is putting make-up on
A person is not tearing paper
A means or agency by which something is communicated.
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
say mean things.
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.
to make less distinct or clear.
A person is driving the white car
A dog is swimming after a tennis ball
A man and a woman are walking through a desert area
Some kids are playing on a playground
cause to skip over a surface.
The plane is landing
A man is taking the oil out off a skillet
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
A dog is catching a black frisbee
A man is jumping rope outside
A group of people are standing
A man is reading the email
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
the act of throwing a baseball
the act of putting a preparation on something.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
wet with a spurt of liquid.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
Some runners are competing in a race
Eyeshadow is being put on by a woman
the ability to recall past occurrences.
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping
the act of troubling or annoying someone.
The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease, Manson said.
A dog is sitting by a fence on a dirt track
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
hold in a given state or situation
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
There is no man shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
The man is feeding the snake with an animal
A woman is cracking some eggs outside a bowl
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
issue an order.
a dog runs through the long grass.
A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
Two brown dogs run through the grass.
A man is working on the computer
Two brown dogs running together on sand
The woman is playing with two young boys at a park
Two children are rolling in muddy water
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
a black dog swimming through a river.
A man is holding a mask in his raised hand
An Asian woman is holding a fur scarf
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
a young child running along the shore at a beach
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
A woman is slicing an octopus
There is no person on a bike jumping through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame
(cause to) gradually become weak
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
A girl is styling her hair
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
The girl is using a pencil for the eyes on her eyelid
the event of something being raised upward.
extend out or project in space.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the lawn
Two men are playing table tennis
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
stretch out completely.
an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near a building
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
The doctors are reviving a man
A boy is playing on a toy
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
the upper part of anything.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
A violin is being played by a man
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
a person who cleans chimneys
A woman is slicing an eggplant
the act of applying paint to a surface.
The piano is being played by someone
Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
A woman is slicing a fish
A group of boys in a yard is playing and a man is standing in the background
A woman is playing the trumpet
cause to come into existence; create
mark or cover with or as if with dots
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
Three women are running in a village
a formation of people or things one beside another.
The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
A black dog is standing in shallow water
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle
(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
Some people are sitting on a low cement ledge
A man is putting down the flute
A man is being stopped on a rope bridge
a partial denture
The lamb is looking at the camera.
join or attach with or as if with glue.
There is no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo
get on top of; deal with successfully.
A little brown and white dog is running on the road
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
an approximate definition or example.
An onion is being cut by a man
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
A biker is jumping in the air, alone
physical matter left behind after a removal process
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
A man is being roped by a climber
The patient is helping the doctor
The person is carefully slicing a potato
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
A man is playing guitar
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement
be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.
a cause or source of duress, worry
A skateboarder uses a ramp.
Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
a group of young men sing out together.
The dogs are walking in the desert.
A dog plays in the water.
The man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of the dog
A black and white dog jumping into the air.
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
come as a logical consequence, be inferred
something recalled to the mind.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float
There is no dog bouncing on a trampoline
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
A man is standing bare-chested beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
A woman is tapping her fingers
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
a reason for wanting something done.
A man with equipment used for climbing is under a vertical, white rock
People are clustered around a bonfire at morning
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain
injure, scratch the surface
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching
cause to become violent or angry.
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
Young baby girl sitting on table.
be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.
two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
A man is escaping a rising swamp
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
cause to become widely known.
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
an offer of marriage.
vary or move from a fixed point or course.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
A girl is brushing her hair
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
completely use up a resource
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.
a state of social order in conformance with existing law
the primary component of a communication
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
A white and brown dog is pacing through the water with difficulty
A man is eating a banana
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation
A family is watching a little boy who is hitting a baseball
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night
The men are not dancing
Two dogs playing in snow.
reach or come to rest.
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
A large white animal is jumping up in the snow
A greyhound jumps over a chain.
A boy with face paint is running on a track.
Two dogs running in the dirt
A brown dog is running across the yard with a toy in its mouth
an accounting period of 12 months
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
believe to be the case.
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
A lady is surfing and riding a wave
destruction of a ship
A large pile of scrap wood.
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
A social climber is tying a man to a cliff with a rope
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green vehicle
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
A woman is cooking eggs
It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
Two people are in bed.
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.
A woman is cutting potatoes
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
A man is lazing
A man is preparing some dish
The woman is poking a potato
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
Grass is being mowed by a man
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
A dog running in the grass.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
The man is slicing bread
move in such a way as to avoid
cause to be in brief contact with.
Pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
A classroom is full of students
The man is playing a harp
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
A person in pink is running onto the field
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
There is no girl wearing a t-shirt and keeping her mouth open
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect
a concern or affair
make images or sounds less sharp
give an interpretation or rendition of.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
the pulsation of the heart
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
A bike is ridden on the road by a young boy in a helmet 
The person is slicing the potato
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent
A man is singing and playing a guitar
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
A little boy is jumping into a puddle in the street
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
A man is firing a shotgun
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
verify something by comparing to a standard
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
(cause to) meet or intersect
hold or embrace in a tight grip
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
The cat is hungrily drinking milk
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar
The man is climbing up a rope
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
an image that is generated by a computer.
The woman is taking up and holding a baby kangaroo
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
No dog is running through the snow
A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field
The orange rescue boat is rushing across the water
positively-charged center part of an atom
A baby is toddling happily
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people
A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
be a summary of.
A man is walking in a yard
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
A woman on a motorcycle is going around a corner
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.
A dog is far from the red ball in the air
supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch
Cover or back with foil.
There is no cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles
The group of people is sitting on the ground outside a monument
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
give to a charity or good cause.
A group of guys play instruments outside.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
A chef is preparing a meal
an electronic memory device.
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.
A black and a yellow dog
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
A woman is not cutting shrimps
An animal is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
A television with a show on.
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
A woman is dancing gracefully
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
Two girls are not playing inside the jumper house
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
The black woman is wearing glasses over the headdress
A man is untying a shoe
A woman is talking to a man
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
a prediction of the course of a disease.
There is no man pointing at a car
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
have unlawful sex with a prostitute
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
to compel or deter by or as if by threats.
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
People on an amusement park ride.
The dog runs through the snow.
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
A dog is riding a skateboard in a park
A woman is chopping up an octopus
an actor who plays a principal role.
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a tattoo on the back
place into the ground for growing
the act of motivating; providing incentive.
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.
There is no man eating a bowl of cereal
The man is not eating a banana by a tree
cause to assume a condition
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
A blue train in a mountainous area.
A group of children playing with props
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
the justification for some act or belief.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
A shirtless man is playing football in a gym
A child is playfully swimming underwater in a pool
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
A brown dog is running along a beach.
A man is shooting at target practice
A woman is dancing on a stage
A little girl is selling a scooter
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
A woman is cutting a white onion
Three men are practicing karate in a field
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
a woman with a big necklace.
Two children are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
A snowboarder going over a ramp.
A brown dog is running in the grass.
A child is falling asleep
A lick of milk sauce is being given to the cat
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
A man is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind
A soccer player is scoring a goal
a position given by its location to the side of an object.
One man is sitting on the chair
Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said.
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth.
act of distributing
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling
There is no woman slicing a fish
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
A man with a white moustache is sitting on a balcony and is looking at the road below
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
move along on wheels
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
a short section of a musical composition.
A man is getting into a car in a garage
be in or establish communication with
endure or experience a painful event
fall between two taxonomic groups
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.
Two dogs run through the snow.
cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
the height of the sea's surface
The black and white dog is sitting on a green yard
look through a book or other written material.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
No lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
move through with or as if with a rake.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
A machine is sharpening a knife
tell or spread rumors.
A large boat in the water at the marina.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
A man is removing the peel of an onion
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
A man and a woman are standing still in the woods
government income due to taxation.
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
A man is dancing
(Cause to) strike the air in flight.
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
Some fish are swimming
The principal activity that one does to earn money.
Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.
(cause to) move gently back and forth
the act of taking possession of or power over something.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
billow up in the form of a cloud.
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
A woman is being kissed by a man
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench
One man is riding a horse
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
A girl is playing on a swing.
Some men are playing rugby
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.
A girl in a strange outfit is riding the bike
I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
There is no woman cooking a breaded pork chop
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
Two dogs run on the grass.
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey
An instance of visual perception.
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
There is no woman combing her hair
A woman is jumping with a bicycle
(cause to) come apart, separate, or split
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
retreat or move from a position, relocate
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights
A woman is buttering a piece of bread
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets
exclusive control or possession of something.
A lady who looks young is lying on the beach
A woman who is wearing a pink scarf is riding a bike down a bridge built for pedestrians
A football player is running past an official carrying a football
A man is leading the race
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
The panda is eating bamboo
demand, ask for, or take as one's due
Two kids playing with a dog.
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking a potato
A person is slicing some ginger
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
Paper and scissors both cut
The silver train is parked in a station.
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
lift and reset in another soil or situation.
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung
A man is mixing a few ingredients in a bowl
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
become hard or harder.
A large green ball is missing a potato
Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
A woman in a red dress is putting away an instrument
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
A white woman is standing on a woman dressed in blue on a stage
Some young dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
The buttons of a microwave are being pushed by a man
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf isn't riding a bike
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
A small white dog running
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard
But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
Make or create something for a specific function.
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it's mouth.
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
Two dogs are fighting
the system of production and distribution and consumption.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike
The flute is being played by a woman
A brown puppy is biting a pole
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory.
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
Dalmation running along the beach.
There are no children playing on a statue
A white bike and a yellow bike are racing down the track
A dog is chasing the tail of an animal in the grass
Some meat is being stitched together by a woman
A dog is running on the grass and chasing a ball
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water
A squirrel is spinning around in circles
Three dogs are playing in the water.
The blond girl is dancing behind the sound equipment
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate, Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
Four people eating dessert around a table.
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
a style and size of typeset
The brown and white dog is in the water.
There is no boy filling a pitcher with water
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
Nobody is playing the guitar
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
People and camels at a beach.
persuade or achieve acceptance
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
There is no man in a red uniform making a jump in a dirt bike race
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
Drinking milk helps a cat's hunger
A couple is running towards the ocean
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
The act of having and controlling property.
A skateboarder is falling off a half pipe
an unforeseen development.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
A man is not participating in a bmx race
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
There is no man sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
A few animals are playing in the water
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
Two persons of large size are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
A white car and a yellow car are racing down the track
A light brown dog is running in the water
Runners are not taking part in the race
incorporate or enclose one thing in another
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
A boy is standing in a room by a lamp light
feel physical pain.
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves
I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money, Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
The man is cooking sauce for the meat
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition
A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
committee with supervisory powers
The bird is sitting on the branch.
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
A young boy leaps from one couch to another.
A person is not playing the keyboard
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
A dog is chasing a ball on the grass
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
a boat floats in the water.
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92
The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall
There is no woman putting on makeup
A man is playing flute
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
the state of being joined or united or linked.
A person is rinsing a steak with water
A dog has its head outside a red and green gift bag
take legal action against, as in court
A baby is talking
a group of children playing with a dog
Two children are rolling in clean water
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
A group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
The dog is running into a brown light
A man is lumping dough
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a muddy field
The girl is painting a coverall blue
Two girls are lying on the ground
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
A group of dogs run through the snowy field.
There is no man playing guitar
A dog is sitting on the ground
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
There is no young child wearing a white coat and playing a game
A big fish is catching a man
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event
Black and brown dog runs through field.
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
A dog runs across the grassy field.
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
The puppy is playing with a plastic container
strike with horror or terror.
There is no person cutting an onion
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
two dogs running in grass
There is no man running down the road
A wind instrument is being played by a girl
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
Two dogs run through a field.
a change for the better.
A fully dressed person is behind a pile of rocks and a clear sky is in the background
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
A pencil is being sharpened
A few ferrets are climbing out of the cage
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
become inflated.
impress or affect deeply.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking up
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
The woman is playing the flute
Nobody is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
The crowd is watching the football at the game
A deer is jumping over a cyclone fence
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
to combat or oppose someone or something
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
make tracks on a surface
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
There is no brown duck with a green head flapping its wings in the water
the state of being unsure of something.
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
A man is playing a violin
The doctors are healing a man
Something is being fried by a woman
A woman is taking a can
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
There is no man praying
A man jumping his dirt bike.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
There is no young child running outside over the fallen leaves
This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting, said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
A dog running through snow.
There is no man diving off a cliff
falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey
A man is coming out of the water
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
A little boy is crawling in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water
A red bird is perched in a tree.
fix or set securely or deeply.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
cause to reproduce (plants or animals)
The dog in the red vest is not running in the field
There is no young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a mask
provide with a toggle or toggles.
Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.
A child is hitting a baseball
Three children in a ball pit.
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
Two people are sailing a small boat.
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
The little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
Many people are skating in an ice park
A photographer is being surrounded by men
A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
the physical expanse of the universe
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
A large dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
The white dog runs through the ocean.
A woman is playing a guitar which is electric
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
Three men are practicing karate in a gym
The man is playing the drums
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
Someone is typing on a keyboard
Two white dogs running in the snow.
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
The white dog is running in the green grass.
A man dances on a colorful wall.
Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.
There is no dog running up a grassy hill
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover
The woman is putting away a flute
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
the act of arriving at a certain place
the act of physically affixing or connecting things
make small marks into the surface of.
work material with a tool
The man is cutting the tape on the box
The man is slicing a potato
social sphere, scope of activity or interest
There is no man playing a keyboard
Man playing game in a store.
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
The black and white dog is running in a field
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
Two people are walking near the water
There is no man shooting a shotgun
A man is cutting a lemon
Two bikes are being ridden by two people
A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
a dog jumps into the water.
Paper is being cut with scissors
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
The person is riding the horse
a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.
Two cows graze in a field.
Two girls walking in the ocean.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a wall made of bricks and playing an instrument
A brown puppy is gnawing a wooden post that is stuck into the ground
A kid is splashing in the pool
Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday.
A black dog running in the snow.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
Young boys running along the pavement.
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
The man is stirring oil
A couple standing on the curb
Two people are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
Two white puppies are playing near water
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).
A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
A skier dressed in black is catching a tiny bit of air
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens
Three Asian kids are dancing and a serious man is looking
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
Two people are standing on a bench
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
the act of mixing together.
To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
There is no man sharpening a knife
take up with the tongue.
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
A girl is running with a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans
A woman is frying something
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
A brown dog is jumping in the water
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.
have certain properties when driven.
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
Three men and a woman are posing for a picture
A man is screwing a piece of wood to a wall
A group of people having a drink.
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
A boy plays baseball.
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
A brown dog squating on grass.
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern
A man is chopping an onion
Two young men are playing outside near a golden statue
Two daschunds are playing with a red ball
A man is standing in front of a wall
[provide with a new or different resting place
a dog trots through the grass.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other children are playing in the background
a strong current of air.
A person who rides bikes, in a black and red uniform, is standing on a dirt bike
a large room
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
The woman is playing a flute
The tan horse is in the pasture.
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a target which is close
A brown puppy is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground
measure the depth of a body of water
A dog shakes off water
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent
the act of informing by verbal report.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
a spoken or written reply to a question
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
A person on a yellow bike is airborne
A woman is bowling two eggs to a break dancer 
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
The elephant isn't being ridden by the woman
There is no dog leaping in the air
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
A woman is playing the drums
throw with force
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
rein in to keep from winning a race.
A horse is being ridden by a man
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
The person is flying through the air on a bicycle
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street
A boy is not playing a guitar
put in the mind of someone.
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
a happening or incident of human significance
There is no man pouring liquid into a pot
They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
reshow a play or broadcast
draw from specific cases for more general cases.
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
a detention center for prisoners or drunks
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
A biker on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey
The brown dog and the black dog are in the grass
A man is sitting and tables a comfortable discussion
an extended area of land.
rerun a performance of a play, for example.
A black and brown dog is eyeing a fly
A white dog with a collar is running.
secondary public school, grades 9-12
A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
move from one place to another.
The young boy in the blue shirt is not jumping into the water
A black and white rally car takes the turn.
someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
Children play fight with swords.
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
A man is chopping butter into a small container
a straightaway section of a racetrack.
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
One man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
A brown and white dog running into the water
relative darkness of a color
A brown dog biting a horse's leg.
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
A white dog is running across a rocky landscape
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
A man and a child are kayaking through gentle waters
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in a strange position
One person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something
the act of passing something to another person.
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
A young white child is not standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
change or conform to fit new or different conditions
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
fasten by passing a rope through or around something
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
A child is swimming on the water's surface in a pool
move very fast.
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
A young boy is jumping into water
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
the act of rubbing a surface
Three men eating in a kitchen.
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball
The figures are becoming catastrophic, said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
A person on a yellow clean bike is taking a jump
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.
Two ducks are standing by the water.
Two boys splashing in the surf.
A woman on a boulder is lying on a blanket and reading a book
the scent or odor of something
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
make up something fictional or untrue
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
The child is playing with toys outdoors
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a cloth on the street
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding
A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, doesn't look surprised
There is no person buttering a tray
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
BASEBALL: strike out a batter
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
Two young women walk along a dirt road.
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
People are walking through a street which is crowded
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose
cause to go into a solution.
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
A woman is dancing
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.
A group of children wearing the same clothes is waiting at a gate and one is kissing the mother
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.
have a great affection or liking for.
A man is singing to a woman
Three dogs running through the snow.
A man is athletically jumping a wall
become due
Let's show we won't let them off, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
A woman is taking eggs out of a bowl
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
A shirtless man rock climbs.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
exist in a certain manner, mode, or style
A brown dog running through the grass.
A person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
express or transform in a new form or language
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
A small child is showing excitement on a swing set at the park
A man is crouching and holding a camera
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
a stovetop, cooking appliance
state of being unclothed, naked
Four children on stools in a diner.
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on a muddy field
Two men in a running contest.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on one wheel
let or cause to fall in drops.
British term for the luggage compartment in a car.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.
a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden
A brown dog is running through the grass panting.
A woman is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
A man and a young boy are jumping off of a yellow kayak
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
Two dogs are running through the beach
the act of forecasting or predicting something
A person is not performing tricks on a motorcycle
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
a body of students who are taught together.
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track.
fail or suffer failure
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
The hiker is following a trail uphill.
tell or spread rumors; say
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
A woman is boiling eggs
A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
A girl is standing alone and wears a black shirt and pink beads
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
Soak up (as if) with a sponge.
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky stream
duplicate or match.
examine minutely.
The presentation is being watched by a classroom of students
(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.
A man is walking outside
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in the distance
There is no man playing a harp
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
A racer is leaning on a racing motorcycle
Two dogs are playing together on the grass
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods
The woman is cooking something
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
A man is jumping onto a low wall
A tan puppy being petted.
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards
A little dog is running on the sand
the state of taking in or encircling.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
Four dogs stand in the snow.
A man on a horse is riding on a track and waving
restrict or confine
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind
A girl is communicating with sign language
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
A man and a boy are standing at the bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors
Four people rowing down a river.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
The teens are talking to a boy and a girl with a webcam
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.
A skateboarder in the city.
A person is peeling a banana
A group of people are dancing
the center of an object.
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
The dog is running through the wet sand
an impression that something might be the case.
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
Some water is being drunk by a cat
a conveyance that transports people or objects.
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
a part of a forked or branching shape.
Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
A young girl is looking at a woman in costume
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
A man is talking to the woman who is seated beside him and is driving a car
There is no little girl playing the piano
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
the particular portion of space occupied by something.
A woman is receiving volleyballs
a young girl wearing purple running through water
The man is not chopping a tree trunk with an axe
build, make by combining materials or parts
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
Five people are running with three dogs in the green field beside the road
The boy is studying a calendar
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks
cause to come out in a squirt.
Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods
A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
making real or concrete
An officer is listening to the recruits
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
A couple is looking at a map
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
A child, who has blond hair, is holding a yellow bottle
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else
give a thrashing to, beat
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
This child was literally neglected to death, Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
Two large black dogs run through the snow.
A white horse is standing
A toy train is striking a toy car
play a stringed instrument with a bow
A dog standing near snow looking at water.
A woman is putting meat in a pan
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
something that attains victory
DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal
The people are running at a carnival
A chimp is practicing martial arts
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
react verbally.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
A woman is riding a Seadoo
the general impression or appearance of something
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
a long, thin implement, usually made of wood
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
a measurable or quantitative decrease
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
an agent or company that insures something
The group of people is sitting on a ledge which is rocky and a scenic view is behind them
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
Two women sitting on a bench by the water.
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
A man who is wearing headphones is opening a package 
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
A man is stopping a horse
There is no woman squeezing juice out of a lemon
A man is reading an email
A dog with a tan coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
Two dogs running through tall grass.
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
combine so as to form a more complex product
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
The lady is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A small child slides down a purple slide.
A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.
A man is playing a piano
get or find back; recover the use of.
get despite difficulties or obstacles.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
A boy is talking to a leaf
decide a specific time for an event
Two teammates are lifting a football player in a red and white uniform
A chimp is angrily kicking a target
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.
A little girl is smiling and running outside
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
The animal with big eyes is eating
fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.
A dad is launching his daughter into a swimming pool
A dog jumps through a hoop.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
Three women are resting in a village
A girl is naked and is standing on the grass
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
a portion removed from the whole.
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
The woman is picking up a kangaroo that is little
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
A woman is tailing a pony near a rock climbing wall
A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
refer for judgment or consideration.
There is no boy walking across a bridge
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
Nobody is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
the act of sucking.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
pass into by penetrating or permeating
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick
the state of being angry.
Two kids splashing in the water.
Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar
A man is doing a card trick
A white bird is swiftly taking off from the water
Sniff at inquiringly.
The man and woman are not walking
Protect or strengthen with sandbags.
A woman is putting the baby into a trash can
close within bounds; deprive of freedom
a black dog runs through the dry grass.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel
an explanation or alibi for something
The woman is waterskiing
A woman is posing for three men for a photo
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
A bird is resting its wings in the water
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.
People are grouping at a stand at the fair
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
A man walking a large black horse.
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
A monkey is riding a bike
Someone is reading the email
Two dogs are playing in a pool.
The man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
There is no man making a phone call
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes
Some people and vehicles are on a almost empty street
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
The man is wildly dancing
A couple is looking at a street guide
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
A clown is singing and people are dancing
A brown dog running through grass.
the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip
A small dog jumping over hurdles.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk
A group of people are dancing in a show
make a hole with a pointed tool
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
make something more diverse and varied.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
There is no woman exercising
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into the grass
A little dog is slowing down and the owner is quitting chasing it
a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).
The man is rock climbing
make an image or sound clearer; put into focus
A tiger is not walking around
A woman is riding a water scooter
A plane is landing
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
Two people are sitting on a white bench
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
to make ready, fit out
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball.
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
A man with a shirt is holding a football
the act of dropping something.
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from a white, vertical rock.
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey.
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
A snowboarder is jumping off the snow
A flute is being played by the man
prove or corroborate
informal terms for the leg.
travel; make a tour of a place
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A man is having fun with water
The dog is knocking a boy into the water
A man is puking
Someone is not putting ingredients into a wok
A squirrel is running in circles
A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
take liberties or act with too much confidence.
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
People are sitting near a wall
a border or boundary of an object
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
Two people are passionately kissing near a crowd
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
A white bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street
Couple with newborn baby.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position
A family is watching a little boy who is missing a baseball
Several swimmers are dashing into the water
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
the natural progression or development of something
The man is going into the water.
A bird is flapping its wings on the water
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
give new life or energy to.
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
cause to adopt a new or different faith.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
have or exploit a monopoly of.
A black and white dog is dropping a baseball from its mouth
A young man is sitting on a bench
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
Nobody is playing the guitar and singing
A girl is eating a cupcake
(cause to) come to rest on a surface
An Arabic man isn't wearing a white hat
Two dogs playing on the shore.
Blue bird standing on green grass.
A cat is eating corn on the cob
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
return to in thought or speech
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
A girl riding a tan horse.
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
Three dogs playing on grass.
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
put into a certain place or abstract location.
A boy has a blue face and dirt on the shirt
cite as an authority; resort to.
A person is kicking a ball for a soccer game between somebody's feet
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.
A little girl swimming in a pool.
A woman is standing at the beach with an animal on a leash
There is no basketball player on the court floor and no one is grabbing the ball
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
A boy is attentively looking at a calendar
(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate
an indicator that orients you generally.
We've become like total strangers, Klein quotes him as saying.
We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
A boy is throwing away a calendar
House with a red door.
A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background.
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement
The light brown dog is running up a street
A man is riding a water toy in the water
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
become due for repayment.
A girl is getting a tattoo removed from her hand
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
A woman picking up a large rock.
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
work with a tool.
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.
change (dramatically) between high and low values
Young men are dancing in front of some people
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
provide (a person or group) with power or authority
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop
A girl in a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes
A man is sitting in the rain
A bird flying over the water.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
A man is drawing a picture
A young girl is jumping into a still lake
Three men are dancing
There is no one peeling a banana
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
the solid part of the earth's surface.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
expose or make accessible to some action or influence.
the act of decreasing something markedly.
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
There are no soccer players kicking a soccer ball into the goal
Two girls are happily playing inside a jumper house
A man in a red uniform is swiftly making a jump in a dirt bike race
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond
Improve by pruning or polishing
feel the need to eat.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
the act of intentionally omitting something
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
A woman is playing the keyboard and a man is dancing
No people is sitting around a fire at night
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
Black and white cat lying under bush.
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
A man is putting away a guitar
scar physically; create a mark on someone or something
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
an opinion formed by judging something.
Some people are walking
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.
the act of enumerating or tallying a total
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
A woman is boiling noodles in water
A boy standing on a beach.
A man is riding a horse in a sandy land
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
There is no dog chasing a ball in the grass
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
A little girl is playing the piano
The doctor is helping the patient
The drums are being played by a man
A plane being readied for take-off.
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
Several jumpers are swimming in the water
There is no man riding an electric bicycle
A person is lying on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
A man is picking a can
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
adherence to moral principles
cause to be/show to be invalid
It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses, said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
A black dog lies on the grass.
A man is running on the road
the characteristic utterance of an animal.
A white airplane is on a runway.
fall or cause to fall
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress
The dog is chasing the ball
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
The small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
Red double decker bus with hood up.
The tall person is setting fire to the cameras
A cow is eating hay
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.
The snowboarder is not jumping off a snow covered hill
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
Red double decker bus driving down street.
A girl in orange lights a candle.
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
A girl sitting in a living chair.
A train parked at a train station.
A train is running on the tracks.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration
make or become brighter or lighter
a sovereign regime and its assemblage
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
the act of rejecting something.
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
A group of people is not walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
the finger next to the thumb, forefinger
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
A surfer is surfing a small wave
The machine is shaving the end of a pencil
The men are performing on stage
There is no person throwing a cat at the ceiling
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
A man on a bike is riding on the shore
someone who takes photographs professionally.
Cereal is being eaten by the man
place limits on (extent or access).
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
an intense surprise, often unpleasant
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
One small child is drinking water from the cup
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
A man on inline skates is skating at a park built for skating
The furry brown dog is not running through the grassy area
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area.
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot
a quantity that is twice as great as another.
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of the standing biker
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
start abruptly.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
Two girls are playing guitar
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
catch fire.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the seashore
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
a project or undertaking
move or gather in a hive
A dog swimming in a pond
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
A dog swims through the water.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.
A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts
rise to surface; become visible or known
A woman is clumsily putting meat in a pan
a person who is appointed to a job or position.
A man is not playing a guitar
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
A boy is skillfully playing a piano
A little girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
The person is painting
A man is hanging up the phone
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man
remove to or from a place or situation
A man blowing a large bubble.
The boy is playing in the sand.
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
the act of looking or seeing or observing.
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
A cat reclines on an office chair.
beat severely with a whip or rod.
two dogs running on the beach
Two dogs are running through a green yard
Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
There is no baby talking
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
bend into the shape of a crank.
take possession of by legal authority (for security).
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
close with a snapping motion.
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
A potato is being sliced by a person
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
the act or means of getting rid of something.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
A woman and three kids play at a park.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
administer or bestow, as in small portions.
There is no man cutting tomatoes
pass into a state or condition
operating or traveling via a vehicle
the act of giving temporary assistance.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
Swimmers are racing in a lake
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
actors in a play
remove or force out from a position.
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
A brown dog walks through snow.
A person is chopping a red onion
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
an abundance of something
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
A dog runs through the deep snow.
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
draw up an outline or sketch for something.
the state of being in contact
A dog with a golden coat is swimming clumsily through the water
A group of football players is standing still in the field
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
There is no rhino grazing on the grass
A light brown dog is running in the water.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
A man is shooting with a gun
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end, said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
Men are sawing logs
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a rainy day
A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
A woman is not frying some food
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
strive against another or others to attain a goal
A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
the act of providing assistance, giving aid
Literally cause to become unable to see.
A boy waves around a sparkler.
An animal is biting someone's finger
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
become or cause to become soft or liquid.
A man is jumping rope in a field
The man is putting away the camera and walks away from the beach
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
A child holds a yellow balloon.
A surfer is riding a large wave.
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone
A woman is cooking prawns
A boy is cutting grass with scissors
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is not looking
An American footballer is wearing the red and white strip
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water
A bike is being ridden over a monkey
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
There is no woman in a purple top walking a bicycle between two stone columns
A black topless person is packing a pile of rocks and a front of clouds are in the background
A dog looking at the camera in snow.
There is no woman playing the violin
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.
A baby is playing with a toy
The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background
A man is playing the drums
two girls walking in the street
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
A cat is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.
A boy is playing a piano
Two dog play in the snow.
the act of reasoning, cogitation
Two boys and a man are playing games at an arcade
A tan dog is walking through snow.
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
Three men are staring at the big green hills in the distance
A skier in black is catching a tiny bit of air
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
make a logical or causal connection.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
Four children looking at barn animals.
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a ball
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward
It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
A skateboarder doing a jump.
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
An eggplant is being sliced by a woman
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
A woman is rocking over a blanket lying on someone reading a book
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair
an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
emit a brief burst of light.
A man rides a large black motorbike.
Dogs are running on a track
a natural growth of plants, usually trees
The little boy is riding a bicycle in a race
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
send from one person or place to another.
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of a bowl
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
A woman is walking with a pair of dogs
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
A man is painting a woman's face
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously
A white dog is running through the snow.
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work
A woman is walking off a stage
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
A man is riding a bicycle
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
People are obviously inconvenienced, said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
A dog with a blue muzzle is running around the yard with a jacket
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
The woman is drawing a man
any tall, vertical shape
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking
make less severe or harsh.
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Two horses standing in a pen.
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino
A dog is running on the beach.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
Two persons are driving down the street in a jeep
Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A black and white dog is jumping for a ball
a small dog steps onto a log.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary, said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.
maintain or assert.
A man is playing the guitar loudly
reproduce or make an exact copy of.
Garlic is being diced by the woman
The children are playing in front of a large door
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
There is no baby tiger playing with a ball
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
A person is eating a cut onion
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.
A dog is running through the snow.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
The dog is being walked by the woman
There are no children playing and waiting
A man is carrying a woman
supporter, advocate of something or someone
Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.
There is no dog looking around
line, cover
Many football players sitting on the ground.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
make the surface of level or smooth.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
There is no man screaming
the end or completion of something.
A man is mindlessly slicing the carrot with a machine
A group of five young adults are lounging in the room
A man is slicing bread
A woman is preparing a skillet for the eggs
The status of being champion.
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
People are singing and a clown is dancing
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
A person is kicking a soccer ball between their feet
The current is being ridden by a group of friends in a raft
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
A sheep standing near her children.
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the snow
A small boy playing in the snow.
We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said.
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
Two men are fist fighting in a ring
hit before it touches the ground.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
A cat is playing with a device
A man practices boxing
There is no woman deep frying food
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
A large white dog is jumping up in the snow
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
There is no man playing a flute
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water
The oil is being stirred by a man
the act of cracking something.
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages, the statement continued.
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
A boy is playing a guitar
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
A man riding a small bicycle.
to cause to become quiet
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
A person is planting a tree
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
an impetuous rush toward someone or something.
become master of, overcome, dominate
A dog playing in the snow.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
A man is sitting on a boat in font of the sunset, near a flag
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
Someone is cutting a tomato
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
the act of cutting something into parts.
club or association of people with a shared interest
Two people in two chairs are reading
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
the act of decreasing or reducing something.
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.
A baby is laughing
A little girl is playing a guitar
the soft padding under a saddle
A lean dog playing in tall grass.
A duck floating in the water.
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity
A deer is jumping over a wall
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
A black rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
A black dog walking beside a pool.
a dog jumps into the pond.
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters
lessen in force or effect.
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a clean wall
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a vehicle
Two dogs are playing on a beach made of rocks
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.
Black and white cows behind a fence.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
Two dogs are running together outside.
A man is cleaning a dish
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
design for a specific purpose
The man is hammering a nail with a camera
The man is not performing a large jump
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
the act of committing a crime.
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow
A dog jumps of a surfboard
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
The man is playing a game on the grass
unite; merge with something already in existence
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar
A girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes
The black dog is running through the grass
the act of hitting vigorously.
A baby reaching into a water fountain.
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
The man isn't operating a stenograph
The woman is not waterskiing
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.
covering for a bed
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
A small cat is lying on a bed
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
(the content of) a communication.
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on the grass
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
A brown dog is jumping in the air
the act of hearing attentively.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
create code or computer programs
a disagreement or argument about something important.
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
Two men step off the bus together.
The subject is being studied by a man with a camera
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
a force that is a branch of the armed forces.
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
Three men are jumping on a wall
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
A black dog runs through the water.
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
A piano isn't being played by a man
tie or fasten into a knot.
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.
The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
The lady is slicing a tomato
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
A couple holds a baby.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
The kids are chasing each other in the sand
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
A brown dog running.
a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
A man is eating
The brown horse is near a red barrel at the rodeo
A man with a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
a specialized division of a large organization.
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
A woman is serving volleyballs over a net
deprive of courage, hope, or optimism
how something is done or how it happens.
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
A child is slowly waking up
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
A fish is being sliced by a man
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
A boy in a band is playing the flute
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball
A large duck is flying over a rocky stream
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing a blue coat
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
A man with a white moustache is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below
A black dog is jumping off a dock into water
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.
the status or fact of being elected.
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
The person is writing with a pencil
A woman is chopping an onion
A man is not mowing a lawn
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
A woman is playing a flute
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
A man is slicing butter
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
A young girl is standing on both legs
(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.
come up, as of liquid or gas
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a road
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
the center region of an object
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.
There is no girl jumping into the car
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
spare in quality or quantity
There is no man speaking on a stage
Two children are not playing soccer in the park
A group of sheep in a field.
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.
the role of the head of a government department.
Two dogs are playing with each other
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
Football players are stretching together.
Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
There is no light brown dog running up a street
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
exercise, or have the power of, memory.
a decorative container, often for holding flowers
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
A man is talking on a cell phone
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
One white dog is staring at the black street
give away something that is not needed
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
A skateboarder on a city street.
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive
A baby is not playing a guitar
The tail of an animal is being chasing by a dog in the grass
The girl with a helmet is perching on a bike
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
four people are on a boat on green water.
A woman is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
A black dog jumping into a lake.
A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.
pass over, across, or through.
One man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.
Two boxers are in the ring.
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.
A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from the ground
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
There is no man squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
Dough is being spread by a man
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
touch or hold with the hands
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.
Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
A dog is running on the ground
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail
There is no window being cleaned by a man
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
A child rolls around in a large tire.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
A black dog standing in a field.
A person is frying some food
The oriental lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces
Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman
A soccer player is missing a goal
A cat standing on tree branches.
A man is buttering a piece of bread
A woman is frying something in a pan
glare or strike with great intensity.
The boy is riding a tricycle
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the sofa
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.
Someone is removing the peel of a banana
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
A person on a bike is in the air near a body of water
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
cause to spread in another part of the world.
The little girl is riding a bicycle in a race
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
cause to become awake or alert
the disclosure of something secret.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
get involved or mixed-up with.
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight
require or need something that is missing
A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
Three dogs walking in the grass.
One climber is holding a rock and another man is roping a wall
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
A cat looking at the camera.
the act of constructing something.
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
repeat; reestablish or begin again
mark with scars
(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner
A man is jumping into a pool
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks
Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
a person who is a member of the senate
The singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman
A monkey is brushing the dog
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
the general activity of selling.
The person is not flying through the air on a bicycle
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine
Children are playing in ground fountains
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
Some cats are playing with each other
Make sure of.
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
A man is playing keyboards
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a woman with grey hair
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
assembled group of spectators at a performance
A boy in a headband plays drums.
A man is putting some food in a box
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink
A light brown dog is sprinting in the water
There is no lady holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
the event of proposing or volunteering something
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
a knapsack, bundle on the back
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
A young child is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
A person is making a bed
The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
There is no woman cracking an egg into a bowl
Two people are driving a motorcycle
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
A black dog jumps through the water.
draw a cross in the air over something
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.
A kid wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
A woman is not riding a horse
Red sports car racing down track.
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread near a woman
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
A group of people is holding food and pointing at the camera
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
A woman is not slicing an onion
A dog, which is small, is playing on the green grass
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
cause to turn from one course or use to another
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
There is no monkey kicking a person
A bike is being ridden by a person
There is no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot
The brown dog is jumping in the air
A black dog is jumping out of water.
pass the tongue over.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
A red two story bus driving along the street.
A dog jumps off the stairs.
show devotion to (a deity).
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
A boy is speeding down a steep slide
The kid is happily sliding in the snow
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
Someone is banging a camera lens against a nail
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
scrape or rub to relieve itching
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
A girl blows on a dandelion.
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a t-shirt, which is white
A dog is pushing a toddler into a puddle of rain
Four dogs playing in the snow.
acknowledge a contribution or cause
A man is falling off a mechanical bull
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
a creased or bent form
make ready for action or use.
the act of examining resemblances.
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
Many cars parked on a mountain.
The recruits are barking at the military officer
One girl is jumping on the car
The man is cooking slices of potato
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.
throw with force or recklessness; cast away
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
decide upon or fix definitely/specify
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer
There is no man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
The cowboy is tossing the blue and red pants towards the horse
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside the building in the snow
A man is participating in a race for bmxs
something that floats on the surface of water.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
A man is walking in a city street
exercise or have power of memory
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
A man is phoning
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing the eyes
remove by pinching or snipping
There are no dogs fighting for a frisbee in a lake
One person pours oil on a few tomatoes
The man is not walking along a path through the wilderness
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
The cat is playing with a watermelon
A boy, who looks young and is wearing a red swimsuit, is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
the activity of leading.
The goal is being guarded by a hockey player in a yellow jersey
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a field
the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.
the event of something ending.
the legal granting or bestowment of rights
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
Two brown dogs play in the water.
Four people are floating on a raft
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
prove to be false or incorrect.
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
take into one's family or group
A person in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.
A white dog running through the snow
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.
A man is eating a pizza
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.
Bind or join (as if) with cement.
Ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
Two teams are playing soccer
It's not zero, said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
The man is catching a fish
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
show to a seat; assign a seat for.
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
A man is cutting a box
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose
A woman is dancing in a cage
A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
A dog is running uphill
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and a nobody is in the background
Two cars are racing down the track
The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water
The man is drawing a gun
a specific size and style of type within a type family.
feel the strong need to eat
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement.
A group of dogs racing.
cause to be alert and energetic.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
The black and white dog is running outdoors
the act of people having sex
The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.
The man is racing for the lead 
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.
A white dog is standing on it's hind legs with a ball in it's mouth.
Two people wearing helmets are riding over the yellow and white flowers
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.
a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials
Two dogs play in the water.
A cat looking out of a window.
There is no man playing a guitar on stage
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
issue bonds on.
A woman is putting on makeup carefully
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on a snowboard
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
The skateboarder is jumping in the air
gain points in a game; add up (numbers)
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
the act of forcing out someone or something.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
A person is looking at a bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
The orange colored dices are being cast by a cook to win the pepper
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
There is no man reading the email
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths
A black dog jumps in the snow.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is pulling up
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
the act of ending something.
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan
Old blue and white train on tracks.
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
the money
A girl has black and orange patches on the cheeks
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
The woman is skating in the park.
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
The guitar is being played by a kid
A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorbike in a field which is mostly barren
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving the starting line
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.
the day immediately before today.
cover the front or surface of.
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.
The issue has been resolved, Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
A man is on a ship in front of the sunset
act or move at high speed.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines, said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet.
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
A man is playing an electric guitar
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks.
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
A woman is standing near three children
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
separate into constituents by soaking.
A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
A boy is running through the grass
There is no man carrying a woman
The brown dog is running on the grass.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
hold or place in equilibrium
edge tool used in shaving.
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
Some adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean
One boy is happily playing a piano
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
administrator, one who controls resources
the rate of increase in size per unit time.
A yellow cat is chasing a ball
There is no tan skinned child looking at the camera
become quiet or still; fall silent.
watery rot on produce caused by fungus
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A cat is playing a piano
A man is cracking eggs
A playing device is amusing a cat
There is no man riding a motorcycle
Three men are sitting together near woven walls
a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.
be fully aware or cognizant of.
The men are talking
Two cows standing in a large field.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
A group of people standing in the street
a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.
A little girl in costume looks like a woman
A dog is wading in the water.
A man and a woman kiss.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
Three women are dancing
There is no woman preparing an egg in a skillet
The boy is playing a guitar
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of a horse saddle
Two people are talking
A girl with a black bag is on a crowded train
the act of applying paint to a surface
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
provide with power and authority.
A dog is chasing a ball through dirt
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
The girl is spraying the plants with water
state of being under control
raise in rank, character, or status.
Three men are jumping off a tall wall
a reproduction or physical representation of something
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
Two children are not playing in the surf
Two men are talking
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
form schemes in an underhand manner
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
There is no white car being driven by the man
The baby is being put into a trash can by a woman
surround completely.
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
touch, lift, or hold with the hands.
Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress
A kid is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
the act of breaking something.
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
A kitten is drinking fresh milk
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
the activity of learning or being trained
demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
One man is playing the guitar
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
A man is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
say, state, or perform again
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.
A man and child in front of a billboard
A man is cooking a snake
A tan skinned child is looking at the camera
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a river
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
A black dog splashes through greenish water.
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
The man is not playing a flute
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle
A kid is singing and playing a guitar
 have sex with
There is no woman frying something
utter with force; utter vehemently.
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers.
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
A man is putting vegetables into a pot
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
continue to live, exist, or prosper
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
A person is riding a dirt bike up a dirt hill
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
The brown dog is running across the sand.
A man is rising from a swamp
Two sumo ringers are not fighting
suggest or prescribe a solution
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
Four boys sit in the mud.
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white hurdle
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside a building in the snow
People are sitting around a bonfire at night
The lady is cracking an egg into a bowl
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal
The man is lifting barbells
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts
A man is silent
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
A man is putting away a carrot
The land near a white bird is being watered swiftly
A girl slides down a purple slide.
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
A man is massaging a woman
The show for the small child is being set on an exciting swing at the park
The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.
A small bird eating from the feeder.
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A rocker is sitting with a t-shirt that has a man over a grey waterfall on the front
Racers are running down a track
A young boy is playing a guitar
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
Two children are leaning on a rusty ledge
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize
A snowboarder flies through the air.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the stars and is walking on the tennis court
A black dog is shaking off water.
make a prediction about; tell in advance.
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
A group of people ride in a race
change from one form or medium into another.
The black dog is not running through the grass
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting, he said.
Someone is stirring chili in a pot
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
make accessible to some action, influence, or condition
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
The man is not putting chicken into the container
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
Someone is taking the okra out of a pot
A horse and its rider are leaping over a barrier
A dog is playing in the green field
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
A boy, who is wearing a blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella 
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
A man in a white hat is touching a cardboard box
lack of agreement or harmony.
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
Travel on foot.
A dog is rolling from side to side
the act of admitting someone to enter.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
an acknowledgment of appreciation.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
an arrangement scheme.
A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
Two people are stopping on a motorcycle
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
Three boys are rocking the walk along the river
A dog is running on the sand and chasing a ball
to lecture formally to an audience
The crowd is watching a football game
A man on a motorcycle is turning around a corner
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
Four dogs splashing in the water
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
A man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
Two dogs playing in a yard.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
A shirtless man is jumping over a log
mold for casting, setting concrete
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
The person isn't riding a motorbike on a sandy track
go back, restore, revive
Three hikers are standing on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A man is playing the instrument
Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
reduce the price of something
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
A group of kids is playing in a yard and an old man is standing in the background
A dog is walking away from the tail of an animal in the grass
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
No race car is on a road in front of a grassy parking area
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
an appraisal of the value of something.
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
The soccer player is not kicking the ball between somebody's legs
approach with an offer of sexual favors.
A bunch of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
A boy is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
An animal is running in circles
a serving of a beverage
give a performance (of something).
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.
pass into a specified state or condition.
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
revolve
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves
cause to run in panic.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
a method for solving a problem
fill with high spirits
place or set apart.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
Three men are jumping off a wall
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
festive social event, celebration
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
the act of appraising, critiquing something
break from a meeting or gathering.
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
A woman is turning her back from the view of a city
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
A small animal is lying on the bed
A little dog is sprinting and the person who owns it is trying to catch it
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.
A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pot on the stove
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
cause to move back and forth.
The children of a family are playing and waiting
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).
a retail store with merchandise for sale
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in the grass
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause
run around the rim of.
A man running on a track.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
cause to turn on an axis or center.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
A girl is riding a horse
A man is running down the road
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
provide a seat or base for
A dog running on the grass
interfere with someone else's activity
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
An onion is being sliced by the woman
A girl in a white dress is running
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
A dog jumps over a chain.
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them
A man on a bicycle is riding on the beach
Two children hug one another.
A woman is being measured by another woman
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
Two dogs swimming in a pool.
A basketball player holding a basketball.
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
Two teams are competing in a football match
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
A person above their surfboard on the water.
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
a dog runs across the land.
A white racing vehicle is driving through a puddle
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
a bus driving in a street.
A band is not playing some instruments
The football players are working on stretching their legs.
A girl is skateboarding on a half pipe
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
A chef is cleaning a bowl of soup
a computer on the floor.
A person is pouring cooking oil into a pot
The boy is not riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
A man is pouring liquid into a pot
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
There is no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in shallow water
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
The person is going into the water
(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
The woman is not dancing
Two large persons are standing near a park bench and they have nothing between them
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance
A relation of affinity or harmony between people.
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
a distinctive style of clothing
I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups, Bloomberg said.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.
manage, handle, or control something
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
give pleasure to or be pleasing to.
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
A large wet yellow dog is holding a toy
A large white bird swoops over water.
The man is running on the road
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
There is no lemur eating
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
A person is cutting some mushrooms
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
There is no dog playing in a field of brown grass
A man is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
an observer of a process or activity
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish 
There is no team playing soccer
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
A football player is wearing black armbands
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
Identify, establish location or identity
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
A man in a suit is not being surrounded by photographers
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
A football player in a purple jersey is running with the ball for a touchdown
Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses, said Gammerman.
Two men and a girl in behind of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
the act of taking an offer
There is no man slicing a tomato
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
A boy is rock climbing.
the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
The man is practicing the guitar
A dog runs through shallow water.
role or function of the head of a government department
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
A bald person is playing a guitar
A few men in a competition are running outside
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.
A boy is fearfully walking across a bridge
a problem, something wrong
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.
A child is amazedly experiencing a new world
A woman is not cutting meat
sway to and fro.
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
A man is playing a keyboard
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
run or flow slowly
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
either half of an archery bow
The woman is slicing an onion
the act of selecting or picking something
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of the water
Carrots are being grated by a woman
Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall
There is no dog licking a baby
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
Two toddlers are eating on a really small wagon full of corndogs 
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it's mouth.
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a face which looks funny
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
cover with liquid before cooking.
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
A grey dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field
move from one location to another
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.
a brief statement.
A female cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a male cheerleader
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.
the state of being employed or having a job.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
The man is driving a car carefully
A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching
A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
Rewrite in a different script.
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a paved road
A woman who is taking off a pink boa is stopping her bicycle on a bridge built for pedestrians
Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.
There is no man riding a horse
A small girl is getting out of a toy car
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
three dogs playing on a beach
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
Two people sitting on a dock.
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
A man is strolling in the rain
A boy in blue is running towards a woman in blue
The woman is playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
to interrupt, enter uninvited
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
A girl is making a flute which is not to be played
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
make or become more narrow or restricted.
an address used for postal communication
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
A person is tearing paper
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
A man is running in a field
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
an aggregation of things or people
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
A tattoo is being drawn by the woman in the white sweater on the hand of a teenager
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
A young girl is standing still
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).
A feeling for something that is desired intensely.
Five people are standing in the grass with three dogs
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
Blue and black pants are being worn by the motocross rider
A woman is slicing garlic
A guitar is being played by a kid
A girl sliding down a pole
A man is riding a motorcycle
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
A man is packing a violin
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
The girl is riding the horse
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
There is no child sitting in a red and yellow toy car
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble.
an unofficial association of people or groups.
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool.
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
A man is playing a harp
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
There is no man cutting a potato
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation
be or come into conflict
A skateboarder sliding on a rail.
A woman holding a newspaper.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man
A black-and-white dog running in the water.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching
arrangement
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
A kangaroo is picking up the woman's baby
A dog is playing alone on the shore covered by snow
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
the act of administering medication.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
The guitar is being sold by a lady
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.
a loss of function
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
A large black and white cow in a field.
thread on or as if on a string.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
move to and fro.
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.
The man in a hat suited for cowboys is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
fertilize and cause to grow.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
A small boy is standing in the forest
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
A keyboard is being played by a person
Someone is beating an egg
move in a group or flock
A dog is fetching a piece of wood out of very clear water
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
A hockey player looks intently downward.
behave or move in a certain manner
a state of being encircled
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
a tan dog swimming in some water
Some animals are playing wildly in the water
The person is not standing on white ice
The man is cutting a paper plate
A person is holding up an electronic device
A girl is applying makeup to her face
A black and tan dog is running through the low and green grass
A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..
Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across a street
A man is walking along a path through a wilderness
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
a cell for violent prisoners.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the wedding
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
A group of children in a church basement is playing maracas and tambourines
The man isn't talking on the telephone
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
a special set of circumstances.
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
drench periodically with liquid while cooking
There is no dog barking at a ball
FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.
The man is thinking
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
Makeup is being put on the man by the woman
consider as part of something.
The boy is speedily riding a tricycle
A big black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
two people who are married to each other.
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.
There is no woman slicing tofu
go around the rim of
a rationale or reason for something
put an end to a state or an activity.
A person is doing a trick on a skateboard
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.
A brown dog is staring attentively at a brown and white dog
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.
A child, who is young, is wearing a white coat and playing a game
make sense of, give meaning to
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
Trains inside an indoor station.
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a small city
Two dogs are playing outside
reach a destination or goal
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
A little boy with a bib is not watching the camera
A middle eastern man is standing against a lamp post near to other people
a mental grasp or understanding of something